bee	CapableOf	fly
water	AtLocation	hot tub
smart	HasProperty	good
learn	AtLocation	school
water	AtLocation	garden
crab	IsA	shellfish
boston	PartOf	mass
pepsi	IsA	coke
air	HasA	pressure
tango	IsA	dance
toyota	IsA	car
ocean	UsedFor	submarine
sister	IsA	girl
juniper	IsA	plant
fbi	CapableOf	investigate
herring	IsA	fish
play	AtLocation	theater
wrestle	HasSubevent	grapple
christmas	IsA	holiday
sloth	IsA	mammal
comb	HasA	tooth
lettuce	AtLocation	salad
internet	IsA	net
conference	HasSubevent	talk
goat	Desires	eat
mercury	IsA	element
earth	AtLocation	sun
machine	HasProperty	hard
parent	AtLocation	family
tuba	AtLocation	orchestra
monument	UsedFor	remember
gay	Desires	man
note	PartOf	music
cook	HasSubevent	chop
typewriter	HasProperty	noisy
air	MadeOf	oxygen
labor	AtLocation	work
water	AtLocation	condensation
jellyfish	AtLocation	ocean
food	AtLocation	jar
computer	UsedFor	information
performer	AtLocation	theater
ball	IsA	toy
bread	UsedFor	bake
outer space	HasProperty	infinite
exercise	Causes	good health
cat	HasA	paw
king	AtLocation	court
motor	PartOf	car
something	CapableOf	anything
house	HasA	basement
light bulb	IsA	light source
postman	AtLocation	post office
alcohol	HasProperty	prohibit
murderer	AtLocation	court
slope	HasProperty	slippery
seaside	PartOf	ocean
stapler	IsA	tool
happiness	Causes	laughter
schizophrenia	IsA	psychosis
fish	AtLocation	water
bottle	IsA	vessel
computer	AtLocation	desk
sweet	HasProperty	good
fire	HasProperty	hot
machine	HasProperty	mechanical
neighbor	AtLocation	neighborhood
badminton	IsA	sport
kiss	UsedFor	affection
shovel	UsedFor	dig
sunset	HasProperty	colorful
kitten	HasProperty	lovable
frisbee	AtLocation	park
scientist	CapableOf	research
cod	IsA	fish
lava	AtLocation	volcano
law	UsedFor	lawyer
aisle	PartOf	store
wrench	IsA	tool
daughter	IsA	offspring
neuron	IsA	cell
talk	HasProperty	cheap
channel	AtLocation	england
calcium	IsA	element
justice	HasProperty	blind
rainbow	HasProperty	beautiful
armor	UsedFor	protection
pot	AtLocation	pan
knob	AtLocation	door
water	AtLocation	food
rose	SymbolOf	love
peppermint	IsA	mint
cubicle	IsA	workspace
shrimp	IsA	seafood
study	AtLocation	school
diamond	IsA	forever
bathtub	AtLocation	bathroom
cannonball	UsedFor	cannon
bridge	MadeOf	wood
food	AtLocation	can
goldfish	CapableOf	die
window	AtLocation	wall
wheel	HasProperty	circular
woman	Desires	man
hanger	AtLocation	closet
saxophone	IsA	woodwind
study	HasPrerequisite	concentration
anus	PartOf	body
wolf	IsA	animal
nirvana	IsA	band
wardrobe	MadeOf	wood
pavement	UsedFor	hit
case	AtLocation	trunk
dog	CapableOf	pee
poodle	IsA	dog
whale	HasProperty	large
staple	AtLocation	office
quark	AtLocation	atom
boy	IsA	man
santa claus	SymbolOf	christmas
queen	AtLocation	england
aerobics	IsA	exercise
tower	AtLocation	castle
silo	AtLocation	midwest
camper	AtLocation	forest
toilet	UsedFor	shit
soap	AtLocation	bathroom
button	ReceivesAction	push
wheel	PartOf	bicycle
aardvark	CapableOf	burrow
arachnophobia	IsA	phobia
airplane	AtLocation	airport
couple	HasProperty	two
chat	IsA	talk
tire	IsA	wheel
leaf	AtLocation	tree
h	PartOf	alphabet
someone	AtLocation	somewhere
sheep	UsedFor	shear
cello	IsA	musical instrument
reflection	AtLocation	mirror
mouth	CapableOf	chew
comedy	NotHasProperty	funny
picture	NotIsA	photograph
electricity	CreatedBy	generator
shoe	MadeOf	leather
earth	HasProperty	blue
frog	CapableOf	leap
kerosene	IsA	fuel
boat	HasA	sail
letter	MadeOf	paper
baseball	UsedFor	hit
map	PartOf	atlas
work	Causes	fatigue
child	IsA	young person
eat	AtLocation	restaurant
taxi	IsA	car
steroid	IsA	hormone
desk	AtLocation	study
cat	InheritsFrom	dog
crockery	MadeOf	clay
priest	CapableOf	preach
wrist	IsA	joint
french	IsA	nationality
cabinet	AtLocation	kitchen
whale	CapableOf	swim
unhappiness	HasProperty	bad
dog	HasA	bone
drill	IsA	tool
thermometer	AtLocation	doctor
baseball	IsA	sport
flower	HasProperty	yellow
o	PartOf	alphabet
camera	UsedFor	photography
king	RelatedTo	princess
rubber	HasProperty	elastic
auditorium	PartOf	school
city	PartOf	state
guitar	MadeOf	string
meat	AtLocation	freezer
seed	AtLocation	fruit
house	AtLocation	suburb
article	UsedFor	read
window	PartOf	house
corn	UsedFor	bread
snow	HasProperty	fluffy
class	HasSubevent	study
human	IsA	mammal
time	IsA	money
line	AtLocation	graph
loneliness	HasProperty	bad
milk	AtLocation	cereal
satan	HasProperty	evil
line	AtLocation	post office
paper	UsedFor	write
dish	AtLocation	table
sitcom	IsA	tv show
chapel	UsedFor	marry
child	HasProperty	young
cook	UsedFor	chef
chemical	AtLocation	lab
fern	IsA	plant
beetle	IsA	insect
woman	HasProperty	pretty
pea	IsA	vegetable
toe	PartOf	leg
support	AtLocation	family
hydrogen	PartOf	water
charcoal	AtLocation	barbecue
information	IsA	data
wax	CapableOf	melt
rain	HasProperty	wet
mockingbird	IsA	bird
woman	HasProperty	female
flask	HasA	liquid
mother	CapableOf	love
paperclip	AtLocation	office
flirt	Causes	sex
accordion	IsA	musical instrument
happiness	CausesDesire	sing
mum	IsA	flower
blanket	RelatedTo	pillow
player	PartOf	team
clean	HasSubevent	dust
koala	IsA	animal
game	IsA	toy
life	AtLocation	water
this	IsA	object
work	Causes	creation
food	AtLocation	fridge
field	IsA	landscape
blotter	AtLocation	desktop
butter	HasProperty	yellow
lasagna	IsA	food
family	CapableOf	together
cake	HasProperty	sweet
fox	AtLocation	arctic
man	CapableOf	love
ship	AtLocation	ocean
coffee	IsA	drink
cactus	IsA	plant
ram	PartOf	computer
glass	ReceivesAction	recycle
water	AtLocation	sweat
flag	AtLocation	country
book	CreatedBy	publisher
moon	IsA	sphere
ritual	IsA	ceremony
pony	PartOf	animal
accord	IsA	honda
paint	UsedFor	art
orange juice	HasProperty	orange
clean	Causes	dust
business	AtLocation	build
eat	HasSubevent	bite
church	UsedFor	praise
passageway	NotIsA	hall
duck	HasA	bill
dinner	IsA	meal
silver	UsedFor	jewelry
wasp	CapableOf	sting
sex	IsA	activity
parlor	AtLocation	house
kill	UsedFor	revenge
rose	IsA	flower
mallard	IsA	duck
light	MadeOf	energy
panther	IsA	animal
government	Desires	order
joke	HasProperty	bad
eraser	NotCapableOf	erase
cheese	HasProperty	smelly
head	UsedFor	hat
bath	UsedFor	relax
oboe	IsA	woodwind
bell	AtLocation	church
thief	IsA	criminal
hot dog	IsA	food
car	AtLocation	freeway
second floor	IsA	first floor
look	MotivatedByGoal	see
walk	HasPrerequisite	stand up
flower	AtLocation	garden
mast	UsedFor	ship
remote control	PartOf	television
hand	CapableOf	grip
squirrel	Desires	nut
poetry	IsA	art
string	UsedFor	tie
hair	ReceivesAction	cut
gin	AtLocation	martini
pine	IsA	tree
bone	HasProperty	hard
dragonfly	CapableOf	fly
stamen	PartOf	flower
comet	AtLocation	sky
computer	HasA	screen
uranium	IsA	element
spatula	AtLocation	kitchen
rosebud	IsA	rose
arc	PartOf	circle
spam	IsA	email
linen	UsedFor	material
programmer	CapableOf	program
table	HasProperty	stable
electricity	HasProperty	powerful
pedestrian	AtLocation	street
glass	AtLocation	window
shark	AtLocation	water
book	HasA	cover
pirate	AtLocation	boat
company	Desires	profit
calculus	HasProperty	difficult
rabbit	HasProperty	cute
red	SymbolOf	passion
cashew	IsA	nut
triangle	UsedFor	geometry
hand	UsedFor	grab
note	AtLocation	notebook
bee	AtLocation	flower
soda	IsA	drink
advertisement	AtLocation	television
window	AtLocation	house
needle	UsedFor	sew
book	ReceivesAction	read
think	UsedFor	reason
foot	CapableOf	stink
study	RelatedTo	math
birthday	CausesDesire	celebrate
elephant	HasProperty	grey
salt	AtLocation	table
stress	Causes	ulcer
fact	HasProperty	true
counter	UsedFor	store
janitor	AtLocation	school
city	ReceivesAction	crowd
heart	SymbolOf	love
movie	UsedFor	entertainment
pray	UsedFor	devout
fear	Causes	tremble
aisle	AtLocation	theater
unknown	HasProperty	mysterious
eat	HasLastSubevent	burp
breathe	MotivatedByGoal	live
horse	ReceivesAction	ride
snore	HasSubevent	sleep
water	AtLocation	spit
house	MadeOf	brick
bible	IsA	book
divider	AtLocation	notebook
meat	IsA	flesh
name	UsedFor	identification
flu	IsA	virus
hair	HasProperty	thin
snowman	MadeOf	snow
check	UsedFor	pay
lip	UsedFor	lick
coffin	MadeOf	wood
horn	IsA	musical instrument
verb	IsA	part of speech
vehicle	UsedFor	travel
mouse	AtLocation	field
spoon	IsA	utensil
hotel	UsedFor	rest
candle	HasA	wick
encyclopedia	HasProperty	heavy
stage	AtLocation	auditorium
wine bottle	HasA	cork
planet	AtLocation	universe
oven	AtLocation	stove
surgeon	IsA	doctor
dolphin	IsA	mammal
brazil	InstanceOf	country
arena	UsedFor	competition
ice	IsA	water
clock	IsA	tick
machine	UsedFor	work
program	CreatedBy	programmer
alcohol	Causes	hangover
chess	IsA	board game
bathe	HasPrerequisite	bathtub
cartoon	IsA	art
foyer	AtLocation	home
cogitate	HasSubevent	think
gasoline	AtLocation	lawn mower
car horn	CapableOf	honk
avenue	AtLocation	city
barn	AtLocation	farm
garage	AtLocation	car
bomb	IsA	terrorism
explore	HasProperty	fun
wine	IsA	liquid
fish	AtLocation	river
lettuce	IsA	vegetable
stem	PartOf	plant
sand	MadeOf	grain
water	HasProperty	clear
type	HasPrerequisite	keyboard
cup	MadeOf	plastic
thumb	IsA	opposable
computer	HasProperty	compact
car	HasA	trunk
kayak	HasProperty	fun
shoe	UsedFor	wear
organism	MadeOf	cell
universe	HasProperty	infinite
snow	IsA	weather
soccer	IsA	sport
card	UsedFor	game
rock	AtLocation	waterfall
reception	AtLocation	hotel
screen	PartOf	television
pin	HasA	point
book	UsedFor	knowledge
water	AtLocation	mud
money	ReceivesAction	earn
pretend	HasPrerequisite	imagine
kitchen	UsedFor	cook
house	MadeOf	stone
you	HasA	identity
toast	IsA	bread
listen	HasSubevent	learn
chimney	PartOf	house
read	Causes	think
new zealand	IsA	country
bone	AtLocation	fish
triangle	UsedFor	trigonometry
orange	HasA	rind
tank	HasProperty	heavy
grill	HasProperty	hot
tire	HasA	tread
tiger	AtLocation	india
planet	AtLocation	orbit
brick	HasProperty	hard
rain	AtLocation	seattle
snake	AtLocation	pit
alien	AtLocation	space
magazine	AtLocation	rack
tadpole	AtLocation	water
air	AtLocation	balloon
hole	CreatedBy	bullet
lizard	AtLocation	desert
milk	HasProperty	white
drink	IsA	liquid
drawer	AtLocation	desk
cancer	IsA	illness
bad guy	AtLocation	jail
garbage	ReceivesAction	recycle
state	PartOf	country
penguin	AtLocation	south pole
candle	UsedFor	romance
waitress	AtLocation	bar
tractor	AtLocation	farm
secretary	AtLocation	office
termite	IsA	insect
disaster	HasProperty	bad
metal	HasProperty	malleable
death	AtLocation	war
mink	IsA	mammal
chair	AtLocation	corner
plot	AtLocation	story
flute	MadeOf	silver
canal	AtLocation	venice
ferris wheel	AtLocation	carnival
frog	HasPrerequisite	water
man	CapableOf	murder
money	AtLocation	pocket
diamond	MadeOf	carbon
shirt	UsedFor	dress
exercise	Causes	pain
cigarette	HasProperty	unhealthy
december	IsA	month
alley	UsedFor	walk
cupola	DefinedAs	dome
stationary	AtLocation	desk
tile	UsedFor	floor
methane	IsA	gas
son	HasProperty	male
parsley	IsA	herb
fox	AtLocation	forest
elephant	HasA	trunk
snow	IsA	water
wrestler	IsA	fighter
prince	AtLocation	fairy tale
car	PartOf	traffic
cover	PartOf	book
stress	Causes	headache
wing	UsedFor	fly
fabric	UsedFor	curtain
scrabble	IsA	board game
wheel	HasProperty	round
live	HasLastSubevent	die
war	IsA	fight
fresh air	AtLocation	countryside
bug	IsA	pest
cavity	AtLocation	tooth
bank	AtLocation	money
america	IsA	continent
plate	IsA	dish
drum	UsedFor	beat
piano	AtLocation	concert
equator	PartOf	globe
dance	UsedFor	perform
learn	Causes	know
glass	HasProperty	transparent
product	AtLocation	store
student	CapableOf	examine
freeway	UsedFor	speed
delegate	AtLocation	conference
electron	AtLocation	atom
rain	RelatedTo	umbrella
bat	UsedFor	baseball
eat	HasSubevent	drink
mist	AtLocation	waterfall
north pole	HasProperty	cold
mouse	IsA	rodent
money	AtLocation	cash register
crustacean	IsA	animal
dance	IsA	performance
house	ReceivesAction	construct
library	NotHasProperty	quiet
learn	HasPrerequisite	study
grill	AtLocation	oven
spear	IsA	weapon
banana	HasProperty	yellow
projectile	UsedFor	throw
potato	IsA	legume
brother	IsA	male
study	HasFirstSubevent	read
spot	Desires	run
fruit	HasProperty	juicy
dog	UsedFor	companionship
dog	NotDesires	cat
talk	HasSubevent	stutter
water	AtLocation	jug
head	HasA	brain
saw	CapableOf	cut
porch	PartOf	house
screwdriver	AtLocation	garage
theory	ReceivesAction	debunk
lipstick	IsA	cosmetic
glass	HasProperty	clear
hair	IsA	strand
sleep	CausesDesire	snore
wife	IsA	family
ecstasy	IsA	drug
sloth	AtLocation	tree
pumpkin	IsA	fruit
moss	AtLocation	forest
beaver	IsA	rodent
mirror	HasProperty	reflective
duck	IsA	fowl
grasshopper	AtLocation	grass
fuel	AtLocation	plane
dolphin	CapableOf	swim
bass	IsA	fish
desk	UsedFor	study
food	AtLocation	cafeteria
teacher	CapableOf	demonstrate
pike	IsA	fish
sadness	IsA	emotion
razor	HasProperty	sharp
cell	AtLocation	jail
turtle	IsA	animal
shadow	HasProperty	dark
comb	AtLocation	pocket
sheep	PartOf	flock
plutonium	HasProperty	radioactive
urinate	HasPrerequisite	dick
leopard	HasA	fur
water	AtLocation	faucet
toilet	ReceivesAction	flush
manslaughter	IsA	homicide
sugar	HasProperty	white
cuckoo	IsA	bird
wheel	UsedFor	turn
punch	IsA	attack
sleep	UsedFor	rest
ladybug	DefinedAs	bug
space	UsedFor	park
cinnamon	IsA	spice
drink	HasPrerequisite	swallow
string	UsedFor	guitar
ammunition	AtLocation	war
america	IsA	country
french	IsA	language
drug	AtLocation	drugstore
curtain	AtLocation	theatre
bride	IsA	female
seat	UsedFor	relax
e-mail	UsedFor	communicate
cake	UsedFor	dessert
wind instrument	MadeOf	wood
relax	HasFirstSubevent	sigh
korea	IsA	country
croissant	IsA	pastry
ink	AtLocation	pen
captain	AtLocation	ship
logic	IsA	science
bind	PartOf	book
snake	AtLocation	jungle
duck	ReceivesAction	roast
halloween	HasProperty	fun
tomato	ReceivesAction	squash
sleep	HasSubevent	drool
challenge	AtLocation	work
ant	IsA	insect
coin	AtLocation	purse
wing	PartOf	airplane
linen	AtLocation	closet
club	UsedFor	beat
lover	AtLocation	bed
antenna	AtLocation	roof
program	AtLocation	television
atheism	IsA	religion
letter	PartOf	word
painter	AtLocation	ladder
gold	HasA	value
cookie	HasProperty	sweet
sex	InheritsFrom	love
work	HasPrerequisite	job
heart	PartOf	organ
brain	UsedFor	think
sword	CapableOf	slash
granite	HasProperty	colorful
hitler	IsA	dictator
office	HasA	window
yours	AtLocation	you
square	IsA	rectangle
lock	UsedFor	privacy
plastic	HasProperty	hard
tortoise	HasA	shell
bed	IsA	furniture
cd	HasProperty	shiny
container	UsedFor	contain
toddler	IsA	small child
cleanliness	IsA	godliness
superhero	AtLocation	comic
column	UsedFor	support
politician	NotDesires	scandal
submarine	IsA	ship
triangle	AtLocation	math
food	AtLocation	container
dalmatian	IsA	dog
pen	RelatedTo	pencil
pike	AtLocation	river
decision	HasA	consequence
lens	MadeOf	glass
rhinoceros	IsA	mammal
think	UsedFor	understand
time	ReceivesAction	limit
college	UsedFor	learn
sport	HasProperty	competitive
lie	Causes	distrust
business	AtLocation	skyscraper
water	AtLocation	glass
banana	HasA	peel
community	AtLocation	church
tit	IsA	bird
television	HasA	remote control
ostrich	NotCapableOf	fly
light	ReceivesAction	see
guilt	PartOf	crime
medicine	AtLocation	doctor
zebra	HasA	stripe
veterinarian	IsA	doctor
microsoft	IsA	corporation
diamond	UsedFor	cut
rifle	IsA	weapon
army	HasA	tank
coffin	AtLocation	funeral
painter	CapableOf	paint
monday	IsA	weekday
ledger	IsA	book
apple	IsA	fruit
button	HasProperty	round
fire	Causes	burn
mall	UsedFor	shop
diagram	IsA	picture
germany	IsA	country
auditorium	UsedFor	performance
scene	AtLocation	play
trigger	PartOf	gun
paper	MadeOf	wood
mouth	UsedFor	speak
comb	UsedFor	groom
knife	HasProperty	sharp
drive	HasPrerequisite	license
salt water	AtLocation	ocean
sock	MadeOf	cotton
cash register	AtLocation	supermarket
heat	IsA	energy
listen	HasSubevent	pay attention
title	PartOf	book
room	IsA	place
exercise	HasPrerequisite	run
cat	AtLocation	vet
token	AtLocation	arcade
cord	UsedFor	tie
lens	PartOf	camera
bisexual	IsA	sexuality
property	ReceivesAction	own
xylophone	IsA	musical instrument
map	NotIsA	territory
anime	IsA	animation
firefly	IsA	insect
black hole	AtLocation	space
swimmer	CapableOf	swim
sleep	HasLastSubevent	wake up
cartoon	HasProperty	funny
body	HasA	tissue
frog	HasProperty	green
cord	IsA	rope
dummy	UsedFor	baby
person	Desires	life
circle	HasProperty	round
indonesia	IsA	archipelago
window	ReceivesAction	open
catfish	AtLocation	water
dandelion	IsA	flower
drunk	AtLocation	bar
kite	UsedFor	fun
pepsi	IsA	soda
silk	AtLocation	japan
wheel	PartOf	motorcycle
pudding	MadeOf	milk
cigarette	HasA	tobacco
tuba	IsA	wind instrument
horn	UsedFor	beep
pebble	AtLocation	pond
rat	AtLocation	sewer
depression	Causes	suicide
buddhism	IsA	religion
amber	IsA	resin
professor	AtLocation	college
freeway	NotHasProperty	free
brother	AtLocation	family
mall	HasProperty	crowd
procreate	HasPrerequisite	have sex
relativity	IsA	theory
fruit	AtLocation	garden
snake	CapableOf	bite
basement	IsA	house
toilet paper	UsedFor	wipe
ocean	HasProperty	wide
tv	HasA	channel
eat	MotivatedByGoal	survive
wait	HasSubevent	read
tree	IsA	plant
spoon	AtLocation	kitchen
wine	HasA	alcohol
sky	HasProperty	blue
thief	CapableOf	steal
plane	AtLocation	sky
leg	PartOf	table
display	PartOf	computer
ruler	UsedFor	measure
lotion	AtLocation	bottle
breathe	HasPrerequisite	lung
trombone	AtLocation	orchestra
wall	PartOf	structure
corn husk	PartOf	tamale
vine	PartOf	jungle
animal	Desires	reproduce
river	UsedFor	fish
principal	AtLocation	school
water	AtLocation	liter
milk	HasA	calcium
spite	UsedFor	anger
wind	UsedFor	energy
house	HasA	kitchen
fish	InheritsFrom	submarine
water	MadeOf	oxygen
satan	IsA	demon
tea	HasProperty	hot
statue	MadeOf	stone
eagle	IsA	predator
potato	AtLocation	dirt
chair	RelatedTo	table
flower	UsedFor	decoration
rider	AtLocation	car
money	HasA	value
bread	AtLocation	oven
water	ReceivesAction	pollute
pub	UsedFor	drink
tape	HasProperty	sticky
recorder	IsA	instrument
water	HasProperty	salt
love	AtLocation	family
floor	HasProperty	carpet
stone	HasProperty	rough
plane	AtLocation	runway
eleven	IsA	number
dog	HasA	fur
company	Desires	employee
plane	UsedFor	travel
column	AtLocation	newspaper
first day of week	IsA	sunday
school	HasA	blackboard
passenger	AtLocation	vehicle
embryo	AtLocation	egg
heart	AtLocation	body
ball	AtLocation	sport
intern	AtLocation	office
lipstick	AtLocation	purse
road	UsedFor	travel
soul	AtLocation	person
ball	IsA	sphere
peanut butter	AtLocation	jar
mammoth	AtLocation	ice age
car	CapableOf	transport
information	AtLocation	internet
postcard	AtLocation	post office
tire	PartOf	car
write	HasPrerequisite	pencil
junk	AtLocation	garage
boat	IsA	vehicle
handle	UsedFor	pull
bass	IsA	musical instrument
sidewalk	UsedFor	walk
cloth	UsedFor	clean
bird	AtLocation	sky
tutor	IsA	instructor
compete	HasLastSubevent	lose
submarine	InheritsFrom	boat
water	AtLocation	underground
sound	HasProperty	loud
dart	HasProperty	pointy
rest	HasPrerequisite	relaxation
rosemary	UsedFor	remembrance
grass	NotHasProperty	green
antique	HasProperty	valuable
hunger	CausesDesire	eat
dog	HasProperty	black
handle	PartOf	hammer
clam	IsA	seafood
light bulb	HasProperty	fragile
pepper	IsA	spice
colorado	IsA	state
knife	UsedFor	slice
carpet	UsedFor	floor
whale	HasProperty	big
knuckle	PartOf	finger
parakeet	HasProperty	green
forest	HasA	tree
banana	ReceivesAction	eat
gin	IsA	alcohol
object	IsA	thing
student	AtLocation	school
field	AtLocation	countryside
potato	AtLocation	soil
bedroom	AtLocation	house
death	Causes	sadness
marble	IsA	stone
house	HasA	lawn
something	AtLocation	somewhere
tooth	UsedFor	bite
france	IsA	country
bin	IsA	container
knowledge	AtLocation	encyclopedia
arizona	IsA	state
cupboard	AtLocation	kitchen
money	UsedFor	rich
wrong	HasProperty	bad
song	IsA	poem
aardvark	IsA	animal
squash	IsA	fruit
food	AtLocation	hotel
woman	HasProperty	beautiful
cat	HasA	kitten
parkway	IsA	road
brother	PartOf	family
pool	HasA	water
dice	UsedFor	game
bad	IsA	adjective
apricot	InstanceOf	fruit
winter	IsA	season
cash register	AtLocation	store
poppy	IsA	flower
duster	UsedFor	dust
disk	AtLocation	computer
steal	IsA	crime
husband	IsA	male
yacht	IsA	sailboat
heart	UsedFor	love
printer	UsedFor	print
dirt	AtLocation	rock
treasure	HasProperty	valuable
study	MotivatedByGoal	learn
stool	UsedFor	rest
skin	MadeOf	cell
dna	AtLocation	cell
merchant	AtLocation	store
spaceship	AtLocation	planet
cup	IsA	container
child	AtLocation	kindergarten
star	PartOf	constellation
black	IsA	color
explosive	UsedFor	bomb
lightning	Causes	thunder
escalator	AtLocation	store
dog	IsA	pet
escalator	AtLocation	mall
visa	IsA	credit card
relax	HasPrerequisite	lie down
film	IsA	movie
zebra	IsA	horse
gas	UsedFor	heat
fiction	IsA	book
person	DefinedAs	human
fork	AtLocation	napkin
relish	HasProperty	green
sand	MadeOf	gravel
plant	HasA	chlorophyll
joint	PartOf	finger
sausage	MadeOf	meat
shoe	HasA	lace
love	Causes	happy
sleep	Causes	death
eye	UsedFor	blink
ball	UsedFor	throw
captain	UsedFor	sail
radiator	AtLocation	car
tulip	IsA	flower
black	UsedFor	mourn
planet	AtLocation	galaxy
pub	UsedFor	socialize
blade	PartOf	knife
rice	IsA	starch
moon	HasProperty	grey
home	HasA	bedroom
fall	Causes	go down
house	HasA	wall
warehouse	UsedFor	storage
gas	UsedFor	fart
ticket	UsedFor	speed
curl	IsA	sport
loaf	AtLocation	bakery
bagel	IsA	food
wolf	PartOf	animal
spider	AtLocation	web
pencil	CapableOf	draw
bike	HasA	wheel
eye	UsedFor	vision
bee	AtLocation	beehive
cook	UsedFor	prepare food
pencil	AtLocation	pocket
confetti	ReceivesAction	throw
motorway	AtLocation	england
party	IsA	event
pineapple	HasProperty	tropical
science	IsA	subject
game	IsA	recreation
poop	HasProperty	smelly
cat	AtLocation	ally
silver	IsA	metal
apple	AtLocation	orchard
scotland	IsA	country
grandfather	IsA	male
world	IsA	reality
couch	UsedFor	sit
steak	HasProperty	delicious
human	PartOf	nature
ride	AtLocation	carnival
robot	IsA	machine
creature	AtLocation	forest
slinky	UsedFor	fun
soldier	Desires	fight
drizzle	IsA	rain
monkey	AtLocation	barrel
saturn	IsA	planet
child	HasProperty	innocent
horse	AtLocation	barn
liquid	AtLocation	container
tea	IsA	beverage
elephant	AtLocation	india
water	AtLocation	downpour
engineer	CapableOf	design
yellow	DefinedAs	color
hindu	AtLocation	india
emerald	HasProperty	green
typewriter	HasA	key
shit	HasProperty	disgust
lava	HasProperty	hot
string	PartOf	kite
furniture	MadeOf	wood
hotel	HasProperty	expensive
table	AtLocation	spoon
soprano	IsA	singer
butterfly	HasProperty	beautiful
run	HasPrerequisite	agility
neighborhood	PartOf	city
stage	AtLocation	show
hunter	AtLocation	forest
carrot	IsA	vegetable
new york	HasProperty	big
air	HasProperty	clear
shark	PartOf	animal
idea	IsA	think
frame	PartOf	picture
fireplace	UsedFor	warmth
army	UsedFor	defense
slice	PartOf	orange
satan	CreatedBy	god
pottery	MadeOf	clay
norway	PartOf	scandinavia
understand	HasPrerequisite	think
wood	HasProperty	solid
multiplication	IsA	arithmetic
book	HasA	word
reader	AtLocation	library
person	HasProperty	cruel
exercise	Causes	health
book	IsA	knowledge
land	AtLocation	countryside
channel	AtLocation	television
monster	AtLocation	closet
kid	Desires	play
picture	AtLocation	desktop
listen	UsedFor	learn
triangle	AtLocation	geometry
nerve	AtLocation	brain
bullseye	IsA	target
god	HasProperty	good
cloth	MadeOf	fiber
balloon	HasProperty	colorful
man	Desires	woman
ball	AtLocation	playground
travel	HasPrerequisite	pack
boot	CausesDesire	hike
ring	AtLocation	saturn
voice	AtLocation	song
kitten	HasProperty	cuddly
balloon	UsedFor	decoration
think	HasPrerequisite	memory
office	UsedFor	work
robot	MadeOf	metal
dog	HasProperty	loyal
i	NotCapableOf	know
ufo	AtLocation	space
amphibian	IsA	animal
shoe	HasA	heel
think	UsedFor	deduce
word	AtLocation	book
shoelace	PartOf	shoe
sail	HasPrerequisite	wind
chocolate	MadeOf	sugar
dog	InstanceOf	pet
camel	AtLocation	desert
fungus	AtLocation	wood
speaker	AtLocation	conference
wednesday	IsA	weekday
god	UsedFor	hope
travel	Causes	arrival
apple	IsA	computer
bean	AtLocation	soup
magnet	AtLocation	fridge
sugar	AtLocation	coffee
rest	HasFirstSubevent	lie down
hippo	IsA	animal
bus	AtLocation	school
sofa	UsedFor	relax
rooster	IsA	bird
cupcake	IsA	dessert
stone	HasProperty	gray
newspaper	ReceivesAction	read
bird	CapableOf	flight
god	HasProperty	forgive
seed	PartOf	fruit
eye	PartOf	head
time	ReceivesAction	buy
oxygen	PartOf	water
drive	Causes	move
now	CapableOf	this
ice cream	HasProperty	sweet
water	UsedFor	cleanse
hostility	HasProperty	aggression
kimono	IsA	gown
text	HasA	word
yo-yo	IsA	toy
fire	HasProperty	dangerous
torpedo	AtLocation	submarine
crescent	SymbolOf	islam
water	AtLocation	bathroom
beauty	IsA	skin deep
filter	PartOf	cigarette
lie	UsedFor	rest
door	MadeOf	wood
shelf	AtLocation	wall
corn	IsA	food
slinky	IsA	toy
keyboard	HasA	key
butterfly	CreatedBy	cocoon
seal	IsA	mammal
coffin	AtLocation	graveyard
relax	Causes	relaxation
beef	IsA	food
live	HasSubevent	die
junkie	UsedFor	heroin
cook	AtLocation	restaurant
vertebrate	HasA	spine
tack	AtLocation	wall
money	UsedFor	buy
antler	AtLocation	deer
kitten	HasProperty	tiny
tuba	IsA	musical instrument
shipwreck	AtLocation	water
night	SymbolOf	rest
coral	HasProperty	alive
russia	IsA	country
seagull	IsA	bird
fox	IsA	canine
scene	AtLocation	movie
light bulb	AtLocation	lamp
lock	AtLocation	gate
los angeles	IsA	city
mayor	AtLocation	city
ocean	HasProperty	water
game	ReceivesAction	play
dragon	AtLocation	dungeon
viola	IsA	musical instrument
usa	NotIsA	democracy
coffee	HasA	caffeine
elephant	AtLocation	circus
city	HasProperty	crowd
ski	UsedFor	sport
petrol	AtLocation	gas station
tag	IsA	label
cross	SymbolOf	christianity
loss	PartOf	life
friend	AtLocation	school
girl	IsA	kid
clipper	UsedFor	cut
london	PartOf	england
elm	IsA	tree
lion	IsA	feline
key	AtLocation	lock
calculator	IsA	machine
cloth	HasProperty	weave
spade	IsA	suit
resin	AtLocation	tree
alcatraz	IsA	prison
city	PartOf	country
desk	HasA	drawer
watch	MadeOf	gold
punchline	PartOf	joke
dish	AtLocation	dishwasher
maple	IsA	tree
bat	AtLocation	cave
kitchen	AtLocation	downstairs
red	SymbolOf	danger
book	AtLocation	reader
chicken	AtLocation	egg
leave	PartOf	tree
car	UsedFor	travel
water	AtLocation	bath
foal	IsA	horse
orange	IsA	citrus
apple juice	IsA	beverage
gazelle	AtLocation	wild
alligator	AtLocation	swamp
wood	ReceivesAction	nail
possum	AtLocation	road
dance	IsA	motion
typewriter	HasA	ribbon
paper	ReceivesAction	fold
abdomen	PartOf	insect
cd	AtLocation	stereo
book	IsA	text
trombone	AtLocation	band
airplane	UsedFor	flight
voice	IsA	instrument
woman	IsA	human
apple	HasA	juice
egg	Causes	chicken
soda	AtLocation	can
mattress	AtLocation	bed
potato	IsA	vegetable
eat	HasSubevent	swallow
reproduce	UsedFor	copy
sex	AtLocation	bed
baby	AtLocation	womb
misery	Desires	company
canoe	IsA	wood
asteroid	AtLocation	outer space
silence	AtLocation	library
brown	IsA	color
parkway	UsedFor	drive
hull	PartOf	ship
computer	CapableOf	compute
resident	AtLocation	apartment
parakeet	IsA	pet
college	IsA	institution
play	UsedFor	fun
wash	AtLocation	bathroom
stand up	HasSubevent	stretch
water	AtLocation	gallon
kitten	IsA	cat
orange	HasProperty	yellow
learn	HasLastSubevent	know
chair	RelatedTo	desk
penguin	IsA	bird
train	UsedFor	drive
bear	HasA	fur
cart	AtLocation	supermarket
fork	AtLocation	plate
miami	PartOf	florida
racism	HasProperty	bad
hen	IsA	chicken
taxi	UsedFor	travel
cry	Causes	tear
grey	IsA	color
rodent	IsA	animal
cook	HasLastSubevent	eat
gift	AtLocation	box
glass	ReceivesAction	break
aunt	PartOf	family
word	ReceivesAction	write
stall	AtLocation	bathroom
life	AtLocation	earth
whale	IsA	animal
tack	AtLocation	cork board
notebook	IsA	book
peanut	IsA	legume
trash	AtLocation	bag
marriage	UsedFor	life
cabinet	IsA	container
steel	MadeOf	iron
milk	AtLocation	refrigerator
information	AtLocation	book
woodpecker	IsA	bird
key	PartOf	door
compete	HasSubevent	win
cell	PartOf	tissue
housefly	IsA	insect
love	IsA	emotion
q	PartOf	alphabet
horn	AtLocation	car
industry	AtLocation	factory
seat	AtLocation	airplane
bread	CreatedBy	flour
key	AtLocation	piano
city	PartOf	province
geometry	IsA	mathematics
tooth	HasProperty	sharp
microsoft	HasProperty	company
village	AtLocation	country
vagina	IsA	genitals
speaker	CapableOf	sound
dog	AtLocation	pound
water	AtLocation	sewer
lobster	PartOf	animal
chair	IsA	place
bathroom	AtLocation	soap
smoke	HasProperty	unhealthy
driveway	UsedFor	park
communicate	HasSubevent	listen
nine	IsA	number
giraffe	IsA	animal
tobacco	Causes	cancer
marry	HasSubevent	divorce
lily	PartOf	flower
america	IsA	democracy
mozart	InheritsFrom	composer
experiment	AtLocation	laboratory
fruit	ReceivesAction	eat
mosquito	CapableOf	fly
pussy	IsA	vagina
end	PartOf	story
temple	UsedFor	worship
box	UsedFor	storage
orange	IsA	colour
pepsi	IsA	drink
apple	HasA	seed
work	AtLocation	office
theory	NotHasProperty	prove
solar system	PartOf	milky way
stream	AtLocation	river
fart	HasProperty	smelly
queen	AtLocation	beehive
bagel	IsA	chewy
shop	ReceivesAction	open
castle	AtLocation	fairy tale
print	AtLocation	paper
coupon	AtLocation	supermarket
rook	IsA	bird
father	IsA	man
cabbage	IsA	plant
button	AtLocation	mouse
infant	IsA	baby
letter	PartOf	alphabet
one	HasProperty	two
junk	AtLocation	drawer
kite	IsA	toy
egg	UsedFor	scramble
mac	IsA	computer
peanut	AtLocation	jar
advert	AtLocation	magazine
stamp	UsedFor	postage
beer	HasProperty	bitter
paint	CreatedBy	artist
mustard	HasProperty	spicy
convict	AtLocation	jail
sweet	MadeOf	sugar
sleep	HasSubevent	die
meditate	HasFirstSubevent	relax
duck	Desires	swim
wing	AtLocation	bird
cow	AtLocation	hamburger
engine	PartOf	aeroplane
food	AtLocation	supermarket
freezer	IsA	appliance
heel	IsA	shoe
cardinal	IsA	bird
slow down	HasSubevent	take it easy
table	PartOf	kitchen
coffee	AtLocation	starbucks
volcano	CapableOf	erupt
silverware	AtLocation	kitchen
fish	AtLocation	stream
polo	IsA	game
pill	AtLocation	pharmacy
leg	PartOf	body
eye	UsedFor	view
drink	Causes	swallow
community	AtLocation	city
maid	IsA	servant
paint	AtLocation	shelf
safety pin	IsA	fastener
breathe	HasPrerequisite	air
word	AtLocation	sentence
pear	IsA	food
psychology	AtLocation	university
superman	IsA	superhero
bell	AtLocation	school
fireplace	AtLocation	home
water	AtLocation	whirlpool
swallow	HasPrerequisite	chew
hockey	IsA	game
jean	MadeOf	denim
marijuana	IsA	drug
chalk	HasA	calcium
beer	AtLocation	keg
brush	UsedFor	paint
group	IsA	set
file	AtLocation	computer
box	IsA	container
corpse	AtLocation	morgue
guitar	AtLocation	concert
toothpaste	AtLocation	bathroom
fall	HasPrerequisite	trip
reptile	IsA	animal
door	AtLocation	room
tower	AtLocation	babel
convict	AtLocation	prison
harp	HasA	string
movie star	AtLocation	hollywood
love	DefinedAs	foolishness
electricity	MadeOf	electron
runner	AtLocation	track
mole	AtLocation	underground
food	UsedFor	nourishment
child	CapableOf	play
crosswalk	AtLocation	street
exhibit	AtLocation	museum
cow	AtLocation	countryside
astronaut	AtLocation	moon
grass	AtLocation	lawn
holiday	HasProperty	fun
bolt	PartOf	door
antler	IsA	horn
sibling	AtLocation	family
drug	IsA	substance
bureau	AtLocation	office
dog	ReceivesAction	love
chef	CapableOf	cook
sydney	PartOf	australia
king	IsA	monarch
merchandise	AtLocation	shop
textbook	UsedFor	learn
marble	IsA	rock
arm	IsA	body part
fish	NotHasA	lung
water	IsA	beverage
sunflower	HasProperty	yellow
typewriter	HasProperty	obsolete
airplane	AtLocation	air
snake	AtLocation	grass
voice	UsedFor	communicate
school	HasProperty	fun
sun	RelatedTo	moon
motorcycle	InheritsFrom	car
heart	PartOf	body
program	HasSubevent	compile
salsa	IsA	dance
highway	UsedFor	drive
ostrich	IsA	bird
song	AtLocation	cd
boat	UsedFor	row
astrology	NotIsA	science
toilet	UsedFor	poop
goose	IsA	bird
gun	SymbolOf	war
run	UsedFor	exercise
highway	UsedFor	travel
black	SymbolOf	evil
cigarette	HasProperty	bad
trash	AtLocation	trash can
gazelle	IsA	animal
toast	MadeOf	bread
roller coaster	HasProperty	scary
fur	HasProperty	soft
monkey	AtLocation	jungle
diva	AtLocation	opera
street	AtLocation	city
card	UsedFor	identification
alcohol	AtLocation	pub
school bus	HasProperty	yellow
chocolate	ReceivesAction	eat
battery	UsedFor	power
meteor	AtLocation	outer space
brim	PartOf	hat
fork	IsA	utensil
gun	UsedFor	kill
bureaucrat	UsedFor	bureaucracy
bear	IsA	mammal
ear	UsedFor	listen
cook	HasPrerequisite	utensil
sand	AtLocation	beach
blade	PartOf	sword
iceland	IsA	island
war	HasA	violence
kill	HasPrerequisite	murder
router	CapableOf	route
florida	IsA	state
pebble	AtLocation	lake
pistol	UsedFor	shoot
goose	CapableOf	fly
steel	IsA	metal
house	PartOf	street
library	UsedFor	research
dog	IsA	best friend
refugee	AtLocation	asylum
tv	UsedFor	watch
clay	MadeOf	soil
kid	DefinedAs	child
tornado	HasProperty	unpredictable
drive	HasSubevent	steer
book	UsedFor	education
class	UsedFor	learn
climber	AtLocation	mountain
caffeine	HasProperty	addictive
drown	HasSubevent	die
food	InheritsFrom	steak
jog	Causes	sweat
sneeze	HasSubevent	spray
tickle	HasProperty	fun
world	HasProperty	huge
water	AtLocation	milk
woofer	AtLocation	speaker
silk	AtLocation	china
rat	AtLocation	maze
pit	AtLocation	cherry
head	IsA	body part
kiwi	IsA	bird
bathroom	IsA	restroom
drive	HasPrerequisite	vehicle
alcohol	HasProperty	addictive
lock	PartOf	canal
baby	HasProperty	chubby
die	Causes	death
bridge	AtLocation	river
pillow	MadeOf	feather
cloud	HasProperty	white
study	UsedFor	learn
rifle	IsA	firearm
text	IsA	book
fast food	HasProperty	fatty
muscle	PartOf	body
pool	UsedFor	dive
couch	UsedFor	relax
trunk	PartOf	automobile
ireland	IsA	country
moon	RelatedTo	star
shelf	PartOf	bookcase
river	AtLocation	valley
minister	IsA	clergyman
house	HasProperty	wooden
tea	AtLocation	teapot
glass	UsedFor	see through
microwave	IsA	appliance
darkness	HasProperty	scary
cry	PartOf	sadness
iris	PartOf	eye
socialize	HasSubevent	talk
paris	IsA	city
woodwind	IsA	wind instrument
celebrate	HasPrerequisite	happiness
shower	UsedFor	wash
violet	IsA	flower
sword	AtLocation	sheath
win	CausesDesire	compete
giraffe	AtLocation	africa
car	InheritsFrom	bicycle
helium	IsA	gas
seat	PartOf	bicycle
researcher	AtLocation	laboratory
ketchup	IsA	condiment
rule	IsA	law
flag	AtLocation	flagpole
child	CreatedBy	parent
illness	HasProperty	disease
wrench	IsA	lever
grandma	PartOf	family
murder	IsA	homicide
eyeliner	IsA	makeup
devil	AtLocation	hell
house	NotMadeOf	glass
hawaii	HasProperty	warm
pit	PartOf	olive
sun	HasProperty	star
dynamite	UsedFor	explosion
chess	IsA	game
thatch	AtLocation	roof
glass	MadeOf	sand
cat	Desires	mouse
celebrate	Causes	party
hacker	IsA	programmer
card	AtLocation	table
egg	HasProperty	round
deck	AtLocation	backyard
literature	UsedFor	study
egg	CreatedBy	hen
sun	HasProperty	yellow
cattle	AtLocation	farm
temple	UsedFor	god
dog	CapableOf	scratch
canal	AtLocation	amsterdam
scale	UsedFor	balance
cheese	AtLocation	fridge
food	AtLocation	store
owl	HasA	eye
window	HasA	frame
pin	HasProperty	sharp
coast	IsA	edge
whore	UsedFor	sex
love	HasProperty	painful
seaweed	IsA	plant
roast	AtLocation	oven
nose	UsedFor	smell
rose	NotHasProperty	red
seed	AtLocation	tree
listen	MotivatedByGoal	hear
sing	AtLocation	concert
velvet	IsA	cloth
passport	UsedFor	identification
snow	AtLocation	winter
virus	CapableOf	infect
firework	CapableOf	boom
key	AtLocation	house
purse	AtLocation	handbag
football	UsedFor	recreation
star	AtLocation	outer space
wrench	MadeOf	steel
eraser	AtLocation	school
toothbrush	HasA	bristle
floor	HasProperty	flat
sleep	Causes	dream
walk	Causes	move
camp	HasProperty	fun
kayak	IsA	canoe
stove	AtLocation	kitchen
voter	AtLocation	democracy
cottage	AtLocation	village
beverage	UsedFor	drink
decade	PartOf	century
water	CapableOf	pour
icon	AtLocation	desktop
clothe	AtLocation	house
creature	IsA	animal
hammer	HasProperty	hard
cook	HasSubevent	fry
flower	HasProperty	colorful
man	ReceivesAction	rape
france	PartOf	europe
typewriter	HasPrerequisite	ink
slipper	AtLocation	bedroom
coffee	UsedFor	drink
catfish	AtLocation	sea
organ	IsA	instrument
prairie	IsA	field
buddha	HasProperty	enlighten
level	AtLocation	video game
clarinet	AtLocation	orchestra
pluto	IsA	planet
spaceship	AtLocation	space
frisbee	HasProperty	round
boat	AtLocation	ocean
skater	CapableOf	skateboard
tobacco	PartOf	cigarette
chicken	IsA	meat
footstool	IsA	seat
sport	UsedFor	exercise
body	HasA	bone
horse	HasA	hoof
miss piggy	IsA	muppet
sex	UsedFor	procreation
table	RelatedTo	chair
gel	UsedFor	toothpaste
brie	IsA	cheese
wool	AtLocation	sweater
lion	AtLocation	zoo
nucleus	AtLocation	atom
coffee	AtLocation	cafe
water	AtLocation	river
sleep	UsedFor	dream
kitty	HasProperty	tiny
wine	IsA	liquor
smile	MadeOf	happiness
farmland	AtLocation	countryside
fiddler	AtLocation	roof
dinner	HasProperty	cook
world	HasProperty	wide
volcano	IsA	mountain
lamp	HasProperty	bright
court	UsedFor	justice
verb	PartOf	predicate
package	AtLocation	mail
leftover	AtLocation	refrigerator
ant	AtLocation	anthill
bread	UsedFor	sandwich
artichoke	IsA	vegetable
sex	HasProperty	enjoyable
toe	AtLocation	foot
sister	PartOf	family
shelf	AtLocation	cupboard
communism	IsA	government
dog	UsedFor	pet
plant	AtLocation	pot
zebra	AtLocation	africa
chipmunk	IsA	mammal
bronze	IsA	metal
submarine	InheritsFrom	fish
book	UsedFor	read
popeye	IsA	cartoon
l	IsA	letter
wall	AtLocation	room
ash	AtLocation	urn
cake	MadeOf	sugar
avocado	IsA	fruit
revolver	AtLocation	holster
concert	IsA	show
couch	AtLocation	den
mouse	IsA	computer
fashion	HasProperty	change
block	IsA	cube
tablecloth	AtLocation	table
printer	AtLocation	computer
horse	HasProperty	beautiful
pig	AtLocation	poke
scientist	CapableOf	experiment
bugle	AtLocation	band
rover	IsA	car
ocean	HasProperty	salty
vagina	CapableOf	squirt
loneliness	HasProperty	sad
pleasure	UsedFor	fun
brick	HasProperty	heavy
infidelity	Causes	divorce
beer	AtLocation	refrigerator
baseball	IsA	ball
anteater	IsA	mammal
cold	AtLocation	freezer
sunshine	AtLocation	beach
squirrel	IsA	rodent
fur	AtLocation	cat
universe	HasProperty	immense
army	AtLocation	war
wallet	MadeOf	leather
politician	IsA	thief
picture	AtLocation	frame
ostrich	PartOf	animal
rest	HasSubevent	lie down
cubicle	AtLocation	office
refrigerator	HasA	food
photograph	CreatedBy	photographer
champagne	IsA	alcohol
mouse	AtLocation	hole
olive	PartOf	martini
run	HasSubevent	sweat
fingernail	PartOf	finger
chef	AtLocation	kitchen
map	UsedFor	navigate
gallery	UsedFor	art
child	HasProperty	playful
paper clip	AtLocation	desk
sunday	IsA	holiday
pony	IsA	small horse
fork	AtLocation	kitchen
menu	AtLocation	restaurant
coke	IsA	beverage
screwdriver	IsA	drink
jelly	IsA	spread
memory	AtLocation	computer
boot	HasProperty	black
softball	IsA	ball
star of david	SymbolOf	judaism
glove	MadeOf	leather
wind	IsA	blow
child	HasProperty	helpless
coach	IsA	manager
pluto	HasA	moon
south america	IsA	continent
fry	IsA	cook
monkey	Desires	banana
data	IsA	android
mouse	PartOf	computer
muscle	AtLocation	arm
beggar	CapableOf	beg
thread	UsedFor	sew
wheel	PartOf	car
b	IsA	letter
soap	UsedFor	smell
vessel	UsedFor	ship
acorn	AtLocation	tree
day	PartOf	calendar
flirt	HasPrerequisite	tease
laugh	HasProperty	fun
air	IsA	gas
eagle	IsA	bird
bone	HasProperty	strong
salt	HasProperty	white
necessity	DefinedAs	mother of invention
dog	IsA	wolf
coffee	CreatedBy	brew
spinach	IsA	vegetable
quill	UsedFor	write
toucan	IsA	bird
cosmos	IsA	flower
woman	HasA	clitoris
hawaii	IsA	state
steak	ReceivesAction	cut
book	UsedFor	study
medal	IsA	award
clarinet	IsA	musical instrument
queen	UsedFor	chess
hallway	AtLocation	house
bullet	UsedFor	projectile
red	HasProperty	color
snake	UsedFor	bite
reception	AtLocation	hall
light	UsedFor	illumination
grasshopper	IsA	insect
loft	UsedFor	sleep
cardboard	AtLocation	box
equation	ReceivesAction	solve
sofa	ReceivesAction	cushion
baseball	UsedFor	pitch
english	IsA	language
wind	IsA	energy
pistol	IsA	gun
literature	AtLocation	library
sing	AtLocation	opera
marker	AtLocation	book
king	IsA	royalty
pelican	AtLocation	sea
louisiana	IsA	state
shark	AtLocation	sea
ear	AtLocation	head
marathon	IsA	race
rabbit	HasProperty	fast
resort	HasA	pool
sleep	HasSubevent	dream
leftover	AtLocation	fridge
stalagmite	AtLocation	cave
population	AtLocation	country
bird	AtLocation	cage
horse	UsedFor	ride
ice	ReceivesAction	melt
apple	HasProperty	tart
bicycle	IsA	vehicle
relax	HasPrerequisite	comfort
art	IsA	beauty
bathe	UsedFor	relax
contemplate	HasSubevent	think
couple	AtLocation	wed
squash	IsA	sport
fox	AtLocation	box
fire	AtLocation	forest
cow	IsA	herbivore
eiffel tower	IsA	landmark
baby	Desires	suck
car	AtLocation	road
quill	IsA	feather
eat	HasLastSubevent	swallow
butterfly	CapableOf	fly
bottle	MadeOf	glass
space	HasProperty	dark
gun	IsA	weapon
chair	LocatedNear	table
air	AtLocation	earth
clutch	PartOf	car
chimpanzee	IsA	mammal
college	HasProperty	fun
screw	ReceivesAction	turn
lesson	HasSubevent	learn
crab	AtLocation	beach
remember	HasPrerequisite	brain
photo	IsA	photograph
pit	PartOf	plum
rap	IsA	music
prostitute	AtLocation	street
criminal	AtLocation	prison
mine	AtLocation	underground
dracula	IsA	vampire
kill	HasSubevent	stab
gun	HasProperty	dangerous
sword	MadeOf	steel
dream	UsedFor	visualize
secret	ReceivesAction	reveal
government	UsedFor	oppression
polo	IsA	sport
razor	UsedFor	cut
kilt	HasProperty	plaid
cow	HasProperty	black and white
trumpet	AtLocation	band
gold	HasProperty	yellow
jog	IsA	exercise
nerd	IsA	candy
weapon	AtLocation	war
lizard	IsA	animal
primate	IsA	animal
snow	HasProperty	slippery
death	Causes	rebirth
steak	ReceivesAction	grill
paper	MadeOf	tree
drum	UsedFor	music
gym	UsedFor	work out
servo	PartOf	robot
meat	IsA	murder
sport	UsedFor	play
balcony	AtLocation	opera
mouse	DefinedAs	pet
dove	CapableOf	fly
infection	Causes	death
man	CapableOf	orgasm
pattern	PartOf	logic
computer	AtLocation	desktop
bomb	AtLocation	war
canary	IsA	bird
daytime	HasProperty	bright
saxophone	MadeOf	metal
horn	IsA	wind instrument
meal	AtLocation	dinner
bed	UsedFor	sleep
time	IsA	magazine
sand	HasProperty	grainy
explosive	AtLocation	bomb
space	HasProperty	empty
cotton	IsA	plant
typewriter	HasProperty	old
tentacle	IsA	appendage
ball	HasProperty	fun
salt	AtLocation	water
skate	Causes	fall
baby	HasProperty	innocent
triangle	IsA	shape
game	CausesDesire	compete
text	PartOf	book
wave	AtLocation	ocean
ireland	IsA	island
eel	IsA	fish
house	InheritsFrom	dwell
chimpanzee	IsA	monkey
hockey	IsA	sport
venison	IsA	meat
umbrella	AtLocation	beach
pollution	AtLocation	air
bison	IsA	animal
fire	HasProperty	light
blue	IsA	color
mouse	AtLocation	cat
question	Desires	answer
time	IsA	measurement
dog	CapableOf	urinate
kidney	PartOf	body
actress	AtLocation	movie
rabbit	Desires	carrot
koala	AtLocation	eucalyptus
granite	MadeOf	rock
history	AtLocation	museum
crosswalk	AtLocation	intersection
monitor	PartOf	computer
hair	HasProperty	blond
accommodation	AtLocation	hotel
restaurant	HasA	waiter
paper	IsA	material
barbecue	UsedFor	cook
butter	IsA	food
pillow	PartOf	bed
space shuttle	CapableOf	fly
bill	HasProperty	due
sex	HasProperty	good
robin	IsA	bird
epidemic	IsA	disease
eye	AtLocation	face
syringe	HasA	plunger
bedroom	UsedFor	sleep
bread	HasA	yeast
polish	UsedFor	clean
logic	UsedFor	reason
weed	IsA	plant
decision	IsA	choice
universe	HasProperty	huge
cow	AtLocation	ranch
love	HasProperty	blind
iceland	IsA	country
plato	IsA	philosopher
housewife	UsedFor	valium
comic	AtLocation	newspaper
lock	PartOf	door
chair	UsedFor	sit
peanut butter	HasProperty	sticky
flea	IsA	insect
nile	IsA	river
woman	IsA	person
fact	IsA	information
space shuttle	AtLocation	outer space
cat	HasA	hair
sloth	IsA	animal
neck	AtLocation	bottle
windmill	AtLocation	holland
stone	HasProperty	cold
round	IsA	shape
alien	AtLocation	outer space
water	IsA	food
puzzle	UsedFor	solve
star	PartOf	galaxy
rat	IsA	animal
emerald	IsA	stone
child	CapableOf	wonder
water	AtLocation	pee
lane	IsA	road
basement	ReceivesAction	flood
chair	AtLocation	table
ruby	HasProperty	red
gecko	PartOf	animal
wheelchair	IsA	chair
bassoon	AtLocation	orchestra
keyboard	RelatedTo	mouse
battle	PartOf	war
field	AtLocation	country
flower	HasA	pollen
communicate	HasPrerequisite	talk
water	AtLocation	pool
zombie	IsA	undead
cat	HasA	fur
zoo	AtLocation	lion
texas	IsA	state
love	Causes	marriage
fireplace	HasA	fire
cook	AtLocation	kitchen
statue	IsA	symbol
barrel	IsA	container
projectile	AtLocation	gun
light	HasProperty	on
plant	HasProperty	green
bread	MadeOf	grain
shark	AtLocation	fish tank
water	HasProperty	cool
revolver	IsA	weapon
chalk	HasProperty	white
brad pitt	IsA	actor
holiday	UsedFor	fun
orange juice	MadeOf	orange
roller coaster	HasProperty	thrill
chair	IsA	seat
armchair	UsedFor	sit
house	HasA	attic
soda	IsA	fizzy
disease	HasProperty	illness
pepperoni	AtLocation	pizza
onion	HasA	skin
mouse	AtLocation	trap
work	HasSubevent	sweat
mormon	IsA	christian
magenta	IsA	color
cougar	IsA	big cat
old person	HasProperty	slow
water	HasProperty	deep
rubber	ReceivesAction	bouncy
lychee	IsA	fruit
music	CreatedBy	composer
acceleration	Causes	movement
m	PartOf	alphabet
nose	AtLocation	face
catfish	AtLocation	pond
planet	AtLocation	sky
heifer	AtLocation	field
death	IsA	forever
cat	ReceivesAction	stroke
puppy	HasProperty	fluffy
trust	MadeOf	honesty
border	AtLocation	map
red	SymbolOf	anger
city	NotDesires	sprawl
date	PartOf	calendar
cat	IsA	feline
girl	IsA	woman
battle	AtLocation	war
light bulb	IsA	invention
pit	AtLocation	mine
atom	PartOf	molecule
car	HasA	wheel
glacier	AtLocation	mountain
container	AtLocation	cabinet
classical	IsA	music
shoe	UsedFor	walk
food	MadeOf	meat
village	IsA	town
mobile phone	UsedFor	communication
perform	UsedFor	entertain
liquid	IsA	phase
fudge	IsA	candy
knife	UsedFor	eat
swim	HasProperty	fun
pelican	IsA	animal
number	AtLocation	equation
write	HasPrerequisite	think
leaf	HasProperty	green
pear	HasProperty	delicious
car	InheritsFrom	motorcycle
microsoft	IsA	monopoly
shampoo	AtLocation	bottle
computer	IsA	tool
hard work	HasProperty	reward
diner	UsedFor	eat
airplane	IsA	transportation
breathe	Causes	live
tale	IsA	story
telephone	UsedFor	work
house	HasProperty	paint
insulin	IsA	hormone
marsupial	IsA	animal
pub	AtLocation	england
beam	AtLocation	ceiling
boot	IsA	shoe
whisky	AtLocation	bar
tuna	InstanceOf	fish
tongue	CapableOf	lick
psychiatrist	IsA	doctor
tree	HasA	root
bigotry	Causes	hatred
president	AtLocation	white house
dog	AtLocation	house
horn	AtLocation	bull
door	ReceivesAction	lock
walk	UsedFor	exercise
trophy	IsA	award
coral	AtLocation	ocean
water	AtLocation	brook
girl	CapableOf	gossip
phoenix	PartOf	arizona
christmas tree	SymbolOf	christmas
bathroom	UsedFor	wash
bird	AtLocation	birdhouse
cheese	HasA	hole
home	AtLocation	city
lip	IsA	mouth
handle	PartOf	door
spring	IsA	season
glitter	UsedFor	craft
word	PartOf	dictionary
universe	HasProperty	wide
horse	HasA	hair
mouse	AtLocation	computer
duck	AtLocation	water
fruit	HasA	vitamin
trunk	AtLocation	car
battle	UsedFor	fight
game	UsedFor	amusement
president	IsA	politician
exercise	HasPrerequisite	stretch
fuji	InstanceOf	apple
note	IsA	music
snail	HasA	shell
moisturizer	AtLocation	lotion
gentleman	HasProperty	courteous
door	AtLocation	office
tree	HasA	branch
steal	MotivatedByGoal	money
freeway	UsedFor	drive
c	PartOf	alphabet
son	AtLocation	family
confetti	UsedFor	celebrate
candle	AtLocation	dark
story	UsedFor	tell
word	PartOf	sentence
apple	HasA	peel
proton	PartOf	atom
body	AtLocation	funeral
audience	AtLocation	movie
cotton	IsA	fabric
king	NotDesires	regicide
blue	IsA	colour
fractal	HasProperty	mathematical
fuel	UsedFor	energy
live	HasSubevent	breathe
relaxation	PartOf	recreation
gold	HasProperty	shiny
saxophone	UsedFor	music
fraction	PartOf	whole
talk	HasSubevent	laugh
liquid	HasProperty	clear
beer	IsA	beverage
washington	IsA	state
cheat	MotivatedByGoal	win
fabric	MadeOf	fiber
eggplant	IsA	vegetable
screw	HasA	thread
dodo	HasProperty	extinct
book	SymbolOf	knowledge
chicken	IsA	bird
swing	AtLocation	playground
woodwind	AtLocation	band
saddle	UsedFor	ride
wrestle	IsA	fight
sky	AtLocation	planet
lion	IsA	animal
starfish	AtLocation	sea
love	HasProperty	sweet
ink	UsedFor	color
drain	PartOf	sink
cocaine	IsA	drug
night	SymbolOf	sleep
horn	HasProperty	gold
erection	AtLocation	man
steel	HasProperty	hard
canoe	AtLocation	water
hospital	SymbolOf	surgery
river	HasA	water
water	AtLocation	dip
cheese	PartOf	pizza
cloud	AtLocation	air
show	AtLocation	television
dog	HasA	flea
rhinoceros	AtLocation	africa
map	AtLocation	atlas
methanol	IsA	alcohol
mansion	IsA	home
wood	UsedFor	build
number	IsA	quantity
glass	HasProperty	breakable
moon	IsA	star
fish	HasSubevent	cast
bread	AtLocation	pantry
hair	UsedFor	comb
playground	AtLocation	park
strawberry	InstanceOf	fruit
boat	IsA	transportation
hand	UsedFor	cut
earring	AtLocation	ear
submarine	IsA	surface
computer	UsedFor	dork
envelope	MadeOf	paper
moth	IsA	insect
flag	CapableOf	wave
violet	IsA	color
strawberry	IsA	fruit
cigarette	HasProperty	addictive
apple juice	IsA	drink
steeple	AtLocation	church
juice	MadeOf	fruit
remember	HasSubevent	forget
fingerprint	PartOf	finger
transmission	AtLocation	car
forest	AtLocation	outdoors
listen	HasPrerequisite	ear
sunburn	Causes	cancer
curry	HasProperty	spicy
porn	AtLocation	internet
pig	IsA	animal
liquor	AtLocation	bar
pin	IsA	fastener
friction	IsA	force
stall	AtLocation	market
printer	Desires	paper
dentist	IsA	doctor
brunch	IsA	meal
niece	IsA	girl
aspirin	IsA	analgesic
horseshoe	HasProperty	heavy
steam	MadeOf	water
tornado	HasProperty	scary
ice	HasProperty	hard
labyrinth	IsA	maze
exercise	Causes	diet
mail	MadeOf	paper
flour	UsedFor	cake
moose	IsA	animal
f	PartOf	alphabet
world	HasProperty	small
stove	HasProperty	hot
saxophone	AtLocation	band
sin	AtLocation	confession
ride	AtLocation	theme park
someone	CapableOf	kill
noun	PartOf	sentence
nut	PartOf	bolt
hilt	PartOf	sword
rain	AtLocation	forest
e-mail	UsedFor	communication
classroom	AtLocation	school
dance	NotHasProperty	fun
love	CausesDesire	procreate
referee	AtLocation	football
apple juice	MadeOf	apple
river	MadeOf	water
pray	AtLocation	church
andromeda	IsA	galaxy
typewriter	UsedFor	type
intimacy	AtLocation	family
maple	IsA	wood
masturbation	Causes	ejaculation
jacket	MadeOf	leather
steakhouse	AtLocation	texas
hand	CapableOf	sign language
hurricane	IsA	storm
centipede	IsA	insect
handle	PartOf	car
universe	HasProperty	expand
oven	PartOf	kitchen
chick	IsA	baby chicken
wall	AtLocation	build
moonshine	AtLocation	jar
clean	Causes	neatness
water	HasProperty	liquid
cardboard	IsA	paper
money	UsedFor	corrupt
paper	AtLocation	printer
celebrate	UsedFor	fun
knowledge	AtLocation	school
apple	HasProperty	green
globe	HasProperty	round
art	HasProperty	beautiful
bookcase	IsA	furniture
rag	UsedFor	wipe
fungus	AtLocation	forest
compete	Causes	competition
branch	PartOf	tree
book	HasA	page
england	IsA	country
wax	AtLocation	floor
pond	HasA	water
engine	PartOf	car
product	ReceivesAction	sell
bench	AtLocation	bus stop
derby	IsA	hat
fraud	IsA	deception
bomb	CapableOf	explode
hairdryer	AtLocation	bathroom
triceratops	IsA	dinosaur
inventor	CapableOf	invent
teacher	Desires	teach
dice	AtLocation	board game
fairy tale	RelatedTo	cinderella
mammoth	HasProperty	extinct
swift	IsA	bird
celebrate	Causes	joy
guitar	AtLocation	band
friend	Desires	talk
pill	UsedFor	medicine
spanner	IsA	tool
gun	UsedFor	shoot
vodka	IsA	alcohol
wine	UsedFor	drink
clip	PartOf	gun
actor	AtLocation	television
clerk	AtLocation	shop
burglar	IsA	thief
banjo	UsedFor	strum
human	CapableOf	love
water	AtLocation	bottle
ear	CapableOf	ache
cartoon	IsA	draw
tube	HasProperty	hollow
luggage	AtLocation	airplane
needle	HasProperty	sharp
piece	UsedFor	puzzle
flirt	UsedFor	fun
street	PartOf	neighbourhood
world	MadeOf	material
processor	AtLocation	computer
well	HasA	water
dollar	UsedFor	spend
internet	UsedFor	fun
bird	CapableOf	fly
salt	AtLocation	sea
electron	PartOf	atom
animal	IsA	creature
beagle	IsA	dog
whale	AtLocation	sea
tomato	IsA	plant
hotel	HasA	lobby
viola	UsedFor	play
grape	AtLocation	bunch
water	UsedFor	bathe
bread	UsedFor	butter
balloon	MadeOf	rubber
flirt	HasSubevent	smile
tennis	IsA	game
steakhouse	IsA	restaurant
policeman	IsA	job
seatbelt	AtLocation	car
artery	AtLocation	body
bottle	HasA	liquid
knowledge	IsA	information
car	UsedFor	mobility
rain	AtLocation	weather
pickle	AtLocation	hamburger
star	AtLocation	universe
cancer	IsA	disease
relax	MotivatedByGoal	sleep
letter	AtLocation	mail
music	AtLocation	carnival
surname	DefinedAs	last name
t-shirt	UsedFor	wear
football	IsA	game
explorer	Desires	adventure
stomach	PartOf	organ
soprano	AtLocation	choir
water	UsedFor	fish
game	IsA	activity
water	AtLocation	ice
criminal	HasProperty	violent
penguin	PartOf	animal
movie	IsA	film
airplane	AtLocation	hanger
germ	HasProperty	gross
turtle	CapableOf	swim
jean	HasProperty	blue
house	IsA	home
awake	HasPrerequisite	sleep
lamp	AtLocation	street
snow	HasProperty	wet
eat	HasPrerequisite	food
tire	HasProperty	round
village	AtLocation	countryside
screen	PartOf	laptop
squirrel	AtLocation	park
lens	PartOf	eye
ballet	IsA	dance
animal	HasProperty	dangerous
tequila	AtLocation	margarita
squirrel	IsA	animal
roof	HasProperty	red
pepper	HasProperty	green
car	UsedFor	transportation
cow	AtLocation	meadow
fall	IsA	season
hand	IsA	body part
exercise	IsA	activity
rabbi	AtLocation	synagogue
lip	AtLocation	mouth
coffin	IsA	box
donut	HasProperty	tasty
dentist	PartOf	doctor
ice hockey	IsA	sport
six	IsA	number
frame	UsedFor	picture
cat	AtLocation	lap
nausea	CausesDesire	vomit
finger	UsedFor	type
cage	AtLocation	zoo
chickadee	IsA	bird
you	CapableOf	help
barrier	AtLocation	roadblock
live	HasProperty	fun
dice	ReceivesAction	roll
oil	HasProperty	slippery
parent	HasA	child
bird	NotCapableOf	migrate
daughter	IsA	girl
clamp	IsA	tool
chair	AtLocation	porch
apple juice	HasProperty	wet
movie	AtLocation	show
algae	IsA	plant
potato	IsA	tuber
space shuttle	AtLocation	space
bark	PartOf	tree
cash	IsA	money
drawback	IsA	disadvantage
fire	SymbolOf	primitive
muscle	UsedFor	move
canada	HasProperty	cold
mitten	IsA	glove
talk	MotivatedByGoal	communicate
song	AtLocation	radio
neptune	IsA	planet
horn	PartOf	car
snow	HasProperty	beautiful
plane	CapableOf	fly
cream cheese	HasProperty	tasty
lightning	MadeOf	electricity
cry	HasSubevent	sniff
tv	UsedFor	entertainment
glass	PartOf	window
sword	IsA	weapon
drink	IsA	often
water	AtLocation	soda
object	HasProperty	solid
sphere	HasProperty	round
weasel	IsA	animal
water	AtLocation	dunk
hiker	AtLocation	forest
sponge	AtLocation	bath
lens	PartOf	microscope
polish	AtLocation	shoe
compete	MotivatedByGoal	win
sew	HasPrerequisite	needle
beethoven	IsA	composer
warmth	HasProperty	comfort
roar	IsA	sound
brain	SymbolOf	knowledge
bed	UsedFor	dream
necklace	IsA	jewelry
pelican	CapableOf	fly
heart attack	Causes	die
war	IsA	conflict
heat	UsedFor	cook
bicycle	UsedFor	ride
compete	UsedFor	sport
grass	AtLocation	stadium
moss	IsA	plant
axe	IsA	weapon
pistol	IsA	weapon
cliff	CausesDesire	climb
plate	AtLocation	dishwasher
ring	UsedFor	engage
noise	IsA	sound
apple	HasProperty	crispy
soldier	AtLocation	platoon
letter	AtLocation	post office
venus	AtLocation	space
rest	UsedFor	dream
sex	UsedFor	recreation
tickle	HasSubevent	laugh
baseball	UsedFor	catch
plane	AtLocation	land
kitten	AtLocation	kitchen
speaker	PartOf	stereo
golf ball	HasA	dimple
sleep	MotivatedByGoal	rest
telescope	UsedFor	see
child	NotIsA	toy
massage	IsA	therapy
exercise	HasSubevent	fatigue
cat	CapableOf	fight
airplane	UsedFor	travel
fence	HasA	post
plain	HasProperty	flat
house	HasA	room
habitat	AtLocation	ecology
machine	AtLocation	car
energy	AtLocation	gasoline
tractor	IsA	vehicle
cabbage	Causes	gas
waltz	IsA	dance
steak	AtLocation	grill
rock	HasProperty	heavy
silverware	UsedFor	etiquette
plank	MadeOf	wood
cat	HasProperty	feline
chain	HasA	link
book	CausesDesire	learn
kitten	HasProperty	small
cheek	PartOf	face
germany	PartOf	europe
learn	MotivatedByGoal	know
hamster	IsA	rodent
flute	IsA	wind instrument
phone	AtLocation	office
rail	AtLocation	porch
key	PartOf	piano
heifer	AtLocation	farm
flag	AtLocation	pole
enemy	HasProperty	bad
drive	HasSubevent	turn
soccer	ReceivesAction	play
pleasure	NotHasProperty	good
vulture	IsA	bird
airplane	HasProperty	fly
perform	UsedFor	actor
knowledge	PartOf	wisdom
food	UsedFor	eat
knife	UsedFor	butter
seed	AtLocation	pod
zucchini	IsA	squash
column	HasProperty	vertical
book	HasA	picture
mistake	ReceivesAction	fix
book	AtLocation	desktop
crown	UsedFor	royalty
television	HasA	screen
sloth	AtLocation	zoo
water	AtLocation	baptism
shark	IsA	animal
education	UsedFor	learn
sit	HasProperty	relax
study	HasSubevent	memorize
kill	HasPrerequisite	death
war	Causes	destruction
owl	AtLocation	tree
apartment	IsA	home
burrow	HasProperty	underground
hospital	SymbolOf	patient
vaseline	IsA	lubricant
man	AtLocation	suit
explosive	HasProperty	dangerous
tea	HasPrerequisite	hot water
orange	IsA	color
condom	UsedFor	sex
cow	AtLocation	paddock
ice cream	HasProperty	cold
nutmeg	IsA	spice
aqua	IsA	color
car	NotIsA	toy
anger	IsA	emotion
ribbon	HasProperty	red
rainy	IsA	weather
skin	AtLocation	body
friend	CausesDesire	socialize
nylon	UsedFor	hose
bisexual	IsA	person
library	AtLocation	book
roller coaster	HasProperty	fast
lion	AtLocation	africa
star trek	IsA	science fiction
engine	PartOf	train
snow	AtLocation	canada
house	UsedFor	sale
burglar	AtLocation	jail
cannabis	IsA	plant
voice	HasProperty	loud
television	IsA	entertainment
chocolate	HasProperty	sweet
traffic jam	AtLocation	freeway
woman	HasA	baby
fig	IsA	fruit
me	PartOf	we
blackberry	IsA	berry
vanilla	IsA	ice cream
door	ReceivesAction	open
cake	AtLocation	oven
novel	IsA	book
club	UsedFor	dance
bone	AtLocation	skeleton
duck	AtLocation	pond
kite	CapableOf	fly
mayor	UsedFor	council
child	PartOf	family
kitten	IsA	young cat
bag	AtLocation	grocery store
prayer	AtLocation	synagogue
basketball	IsA	ball
breathe	HasSubevent	live
apple	NotIsA	pear
steak	ReceivesAction	broil
box	AtLocation	post office
pornography	AtLocation	internet
write	HasPrerequisite	paper
cheese	MadeOf	milk
cannon	IsA	weapon
music	HasA	mood
basin	HasA	water
bully	HasProperty	bad
water	IsA	cleanse
cyborg	IsA	robot
potato	AtLocation	stew
bread	MadeOf	flour
god	IsA	spirit
shark	AtLocation	movie
dragon	CapableOf	fly
money	AtLocation	casino
scalpel	IsA	knife
pool	AtLocation	backyard
circle	IsA	shape
ball	AtLocation	beach
wrench	NotIsA	screwdriver
exhaustion	CausesDesire	sleep
computer	UsedFor	work
parasite	Desires	host
doorknob	PartOf	door
food	HasProperty	good
man	AtLocation	love
cabinet	IsA	furniture
breathe	UsedFor	live
shower	IsA	rain
pencil	AtLocation	desk
item	AtLocation	store
garbage	AtLocation	dump
pecan	IsA	nut
russia	PartOf	europe
windmill	SymbolOf	holland
bagpipe	AtLocation	scotland
dog	HasA	paw
music	IsA	sound
car	CapableOf	race
sun	UsedFor	heat
baby	HasProperty	helpless
guard	AtLocation	jail
yolk	HasProperty	yellow
war	IsA	strategy
india	IsA	country
groundhog	IsA	rodent
volcano	HasA	crater
die	HasSubevent	death
cat	CapableOf	vomit
monkey	AtLocation	rainforest
sheep	AtLocation	farm
rock	IsA	music
eat	HasPrerequisite	cook
park	AtLocation	city
flute	IsA	musical instrument
math	HasProperty	fun
revolver	IsA	handgun
virus	Causes	disease
ice	HasProperty	solid
chair	HasProperty	uncomfortable
gel	UsedFor	hair
machete	IsA	knife
pilot	Desires	fly
book	MadeOf	paper
flounder	IsA	fish
keyboard	IsA	computer
read	IsA	learn
phone	IsA	telephone
mandarin	IsA	fruit
map	UsedFor	locate
news	AtLocation	television
fruit	AtLocation	market
boat	UsedFor	sail
bell	CapableOf	ring
platinum	IsA	metal
rape	HasProperty	bad
clown	AtLocation	carnival
life	AtLocation	universe
holland	IsA	country
think	UsedFor	decide
opinion	AtLocation	newspaper
judge	Desires	justice
eye	HasProperty	blue
act	CausesDesire	pretend
memorize	HasPrerequisite	repeat
sword	HasProperty	long
daisy	AtLocation	field
bread	UsedFor	eat
minister	PartOf	cabinet
car	CapableOf	rust
rope	UsedFor	climb
patient	IsA	person
leader	UsedFor	follower
handbag	UsedFor	woman
cat	CapableOf	cry
inmate	CapableOf	prison
cupcake	IsA	cake
frog	AtLocation	swamp
missile	IsA	rocket
shark	RelatedTo	jaw
tickle	UsedFor	sensation
show	UsedFor	audience
cotton	UsedFor	thread
voice	AtLocation	telephone
bed	AtLocation	bedroom
wheat	IsA	grain
slipper	IsA	shoe
ink	UsedFor	print
row	PartOf	table
clown	AtLocation	circus
avenue	IsA	road
mountain	UsedFor	climb
office	AtLocation	skyscraper
house	MadeOf	room
judge	AtLocation	trial
heater	UsedFor	heat
werewolf	IsA	monster
cuba	IsA	country
earth	HasA	gravity
wood	IsA	fuel
road	UsedFor	traffic
drawer	AtLocation	dresser
credit card	MadeOf	plastic
ice	HasProperty	cold
orbit	AtLocation	space
traffic	AtLocation	street
queen	IsA	ruler
tickle	Causes	laughter
shell	HasProperty	hard
lubricant	HasProperty	slippery
potato	AtLocation	ireland
religion	AtLocation	synagogue
masturbation	HasProperty	taboo
holly	IsA	tree
marble	IsA	ball
sky	AtLocation	rainbow
lace	PartOf	shoe
car	HasProperty	wax
husband	IsA	family
furniture	AtLocation	house
peak	AtLocation	mountain
banana	HasProperty	mushy
glass	HasProperty	fragile
grape	AtLocation	wine
beaver	AtLocation	water
cherry	IsA	food
photograph	UsedFor	memory
gravestone	HasProperty	grey
cigarette	HasA	nicotine
earthquake	Causes	tsunami
foot	UsedFor	run
moth	IsA	bug
love	IsA	feel
fire	HasProperty	red
politician	AtLocation	government
steam	HasProperty	humid
tractor	HasA	wheel
computer	UsedFor	compute
procreate	HasLastSubevent	sex
love	IsA	heart
sandpaper	HasProperty	rough
house	HasProperty	build
ball	HasProperty	spherical
thirst	Causes	dehydration
boat	AtLocation	water
drum	IsA	instrument
bbq	AtLocation	backyard
hand	AtLocation	pocket
computer	HasA	mouse
light bulb	UsedFor	illumination
dagger	CapableOf	kill
stapler	AtLocation	office
devil	AtLocation	detail
bed	HasProperty	soft
listen	HasSubevent	understand
meditation	UsedFor	relaxation
trumpet	IsA	musical instrument
snake	CapableOf	slither
rest	UsedFor	relaxation
room	AtLocation	home
student	NotDesires	study
person	AtLocation	cashier
toilet paper	HasProperty	soft
fish	AtLocation	boat
python	IsA	snake
car	HasA	engine
baboon	IsA	primate
sky	HasProperty	limitless
mountain	HasProperty	large
fog	PartOf	weather
dog	HasProperty	nice
lobster	IsA	food
woman	NotHasA	penis
mouse	IsA	rat
square	AtLocation	geometry
bed	CausesDesire	rest
bed	UsedFor	relaxation
stove	UsedFor	cook
avenue	IsA	way
pool	IsA	game
performance	AtLocation	show
syringe	AtLocation	doctor
mother	AtLocation	family
gear	PartOf	machine
alp	IsA	mountain
pickle	IsA	food
hike	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
wine	IsA	alcohol
pressure	IsA	force
foot	IsA	measurement
pin	HasProperty	pointy
coffee	MadeOf	bean
peach	HasA	pit
earth	AtLocation	orbit
chicken	IsA	food
sunday	DefinedAs	first day of week
molecule	MadeOf	atom
knife	IsA	weapon
swamp	AtLocation	louisiana
place	AtLocation	town
clipboard	MadeOf	wood
streetlight	AtLocation	street
malaria	IsA	disease
kill	HasSubevent	shoot
ink	HasProperty	black
dog	Desires	eat
bird	CapableOf	chirp
horse	AtLocation	stable
sleep	HasSubevent	snore
button	PartOf	mouse
quartz	IsA	mineral
lunatic	AtLocation	asylum
bed	UsedFor	nap
tub	UsedFor	bath
moon	AtLocation	sky
car	ReceivesAction	drive
helmet	UsedFor	protection
sweat	CapableOf	drip
wristwatch	IsA	watch
psychiatrist	PartOf	doctor
meteorite	IsA	meteor
garbage	AtLocation	can
room	AtLocation	apartment
chameleon	IsA	lizard
beat	HasPainCharacter	throb
adaptation	PartOf	evolution
mercury	IsA	planet
water	IsA	drink
oxygen	IsA	molecule
food	AtLocation	bowl
compete	HasFirstSubevent	win
stock	AtLocation	market
condom	UsedFor	safe sex
d	PartOf	alphabet
data	MadeOf	bit
alcatraz	PartOf	san francisco
star trek	IsA	tv show
exercise	Causes	fitness
violence	AtLocation	war
cushion	UsedFor	comfort
kettle	IsA	pot
tickle	UsedFor	laugh
earwig	IsA	insect
flower	HasA	petal
space	AtLocation	sky
information	AtLocation	newspaper
toilet	CapableOf	flush
sword	HasProperty	pointy
wine	ReceivesAction	bottle
polar bear	IsA	bear
compete	HasPrerequisite	competition
donkey	IsA	animal
auditorium	AtLocation	theater
seatbelt	PartOf	seat
listen	UsedFor	communicate
check	AtLocation	bank
lane	IsA	path
dog	Desires	bone
violin	HasA	string
turkey	AtLocation	oven
titanium	IsA	metal
england	HasA	royalty
can	HasA	trash
photo	CreatedBy	camera
hike	IsA	exercise
marijuana	Causes	fun
christian	HasProperty	religious
embarrassment	CausesDesire	blush
sender	PartOf	letter
frog	AtLocation	pond
sink	PartOf	kitchen
music	AtLocation	radio
scheme	IsA	machination
junk	AtLocation	attic
cashier	AtLocation	supermarket
detergent	UsedFor	clean
semen	HasProperty	creamy
horse	IsA	jump
television	RelatedTo	fun
rice	IsA	food
refrigerator	AtLocation	kitchen
cartoon	IsA	illustration
emu	IsA	animal
pan	AtLocation	kitchen
entertainment	AtLocation	show
shark	IsA	fish
brook	UsedFor	fish
love	AtLocation	marriage
stone	HasProperty	hard
cogitate	HasFirstSubevent	think
helmet	IsA	hat
grass	IsA	plant
car	CapableOf	crash
food	AtLocation	kitchen
we	IsA	all
water	AtLocation	drink
chapter	PartOf	book
coat	IsA	garment
disease	HasProperty	contagious
guitar	IsA	instrument
cereal	AtLocation	pantry
fork	AtLocation	road
ax	UsedFor	cut
insect	CapableOf	buzz
moon	IsA	satellite
ear	PartOf	face
faith	IsA	trust
limestone	MadeOf	lime
iguana	IsA	reptile
banjo	AtLocation	band
finch	CapableOf	fly
cafe	AtLocation	paris
future	HasProperty	unknown
word	PartOf	language
baby	CausesDesire	tickle
god	NotCapableOf	exist
crochet	IsA	hobby
organ	PartOf	organism
floor	AtLocation	room
bank	AtLocation	vault
fish	IsA	seafood
place	AtLocation	map
crustacean	AtLocation	ocean
cogitate	UsedFor	think
mouth	UsedFor	kiss
baby	HasProperty	fragile
nylon	IsA	fabric
racist	AtLocation	kkk
submarine	IsA	boat
ostrich	CapableOf	run
prison	AtLocation	alcatraz
study	LocationOfAction	school
scale	AtLocation	bathroom
paisley	IsA	pattern
socrates	IsA	philosopher
unicycle	HasA	one wheel
iron	IsA	mineral
singer	IsA	performer
school	HasA	classroom
brazil	IsA	country
man	CapableOf	masturbate
iguana	IsA	lizard
saxophone	UsedFor	blow
rope	AtLocation	boat
type	HasPrerequisite	finger
fruit	HasProperty	sweet
puppy	HasProperty	fuzzy
lie	HasProperty	bad
stone	ReceivesAction	throw
rose	HasA	petal
owl	IsA	bird
car	IsA	machine
ruby	IsA	jewel
rumba	IsA	dance
gentleman	AtLocation	suit
macaroni	IsA	pasta
car	InheritsFrom	train
scissor	UsedFor	cut
nightingale	IsA	bird
fork	HasA	prong
artist	CapableOf	draw
china	MadeOf	ceramic
airplane	UsedFor	transport
cymbal	AtLocation	band
ankle	IsA	joint
blood	AtLocation	vein
nun	AtLocation	church
good	IsA	adjective
tree	UsedFor	climb
soup	MadeOf	water
antenna	PartOf	radio
american	AtLocation	america
mail	IsA	message
diamond	HasProperty	expensive
roller coaster	AtLocation	theme park
doll	UsedFor	play
ranch	HasA	horse
child	DefinedAs	young person
soccer	IsA	game
talk	UsedFor	gossip
landlord	AtLocation	apartment
joke	HasProperty	tell
hay	AtLocation	barn
ceiling	AtLocation	loft
gift	HasProperty	free
juice	IsA	liquid
gym	AtLocation	school
aisle	AtLocation	store
new york	IsA	state
channel	AtLocation	river
lion	AtLocation	jungle
chicken	AtLocation	farm
compliment	HasProperty	good
buffet	UsedFor	breakfast
food	AtLocation	market
monopoly	IsA	board game
plate	AtLocation	restaurant
shampoo	AtLocation	shower
communicate	Causes	understand
powder	UsedFor	make up
ski	HasPrerequisite	pole
sherlock holmes	IsA	detective
baby	AtLocation	daycare
fight	HasSubevent	yell
football	IsA	sport
heat	AtLocation	oven
paint	HasA	lead
couch	UsedFor	sleep
sausage	IsA	food
cupcake	HasPrerequisite	bake
book	HasA	author
movie	RelatedTo	popcorn
rape	IsA	violence
vampire	IsA	undead
eraser	MadeOf	rubber
brazil	PartOf	south america
barbecue	AtLocation	backyard
minute	PartOf	hour
matter	IsA	energy
program	HasSubevent	execute
dynamite	IsA	explosive
stage	AtLocation	opera
claw	CapableOf	scratch
beet	IsA	vegetable
story	IsA	narrative
glue	IsA	adhesive
can	UsedFor	kick
chalk	HasProperty	dusty
pet	UsedFor	companionship
tortoise	IsA	animal
mailbox	HasProperty	open
religion	Causes	war
maine	IsA	state
subway	HasProperty	underground
car	HasProperty	fast
wrist	PartOf	hand
work	NotHasProperty	do
animal	IsA	life
bottle	MadeOf	plastic
game	UsedFor	play
eat	HasSubevent	chew
zeus	IsA	greek god
sugar	PartOf	candy
metal	IsA	conductor
animal	CapableOf	love
centipede	IsA	animal
muscle	IsA	tissue
worm	AtLocation	garden
australia	IsA	continent
think	UsedFor	creativity
rest	HasPrerequisite	sleep
glass	AtLocation	cupboard
perform	HasSubevent	sing
continent	HasA	country
run	Causes	exhaustion
meat	UsedFor	eat
child	AtLocation	playground
litter	AtLocation	park
plan	HasPrerequisite	think
solid	NotHasProperty	liquid
ladder	IsA	tool
baton	IsA	stick
life	NotDesires	end
nebula	AtLocation	space
lettuce	PartOf	salad
hate	IsA	emotion
key	IsA	metal
flu	IsA	disease
baboon	IsA	animal
poker	IsA	card game
red	SymbolOf	blood
trip	HasSubevent	fall
bird	HasA	beak
planet	HasProperty	spherical
star	AtLocation	galaxy
sea	HasProperty	deep
train	HasProperty	long
room	IsA	interior
turtle	AtLocation	ocean
ball	ReceivesAction	kick
circle	IsA	round
nature	HasProperty	beautiful
oak	IsA	tree
toothbrush	AtLocation	mouth
bud	PartOf	plant
trout	AtLocation	water
doctor	HasProperty	smart
murderer	IsA	criminal
woman	Desires	lover
yard	UsedFor	play
pizza	AtLocation	oven
bleach	UsedFor	whiten
lead	PartOf	pencil
staircase	UsedFor	climb
snow	AtLocation	north
desert	IsA	terrain
textile	IsA	cloth
money	MadeOf	paper
hockey	HasProperty	ice
ball	AtLocation	park
fox	IsA	mammal
biology	IsA	science
matter	HasA	weight
sun	Causes	light
aircraft	AtLocation	airport
breathe	HasSubevent	sigh
spark	Causes	fire
zombie	IsA	monster
mint	IsA	spice
dna	CapableOf	replicate
arab	IsA	language
child	DesireOf	play
best friend	IsA	friend
sidewalk	IsA	walkway
horse	HasProperty	majestic
death	PartOf	life
disinfectant	AtLocation	hospital
dream	Causes	nightmare
soprano	IsA	voice
minister	PartOf	government
steak	IsA	food
eatery	IsA	restaurant
text	UsedFor	study
tooth	PartOf	mouth
cream cheese	HasA	fat
trivial pursuit	IsA	board game
pipe	UsedFor	smoke
dust	AtLocation	library
bus	UsedFor	transportation
ozone	AtLocation	atmosphere
rice	IsA	grain
home	AtLocation	neighborhood
eye	HasA	lens
lollypop	IsA	candy
person	Desires	mean
button	PartOf	shirt
royalty	HasProperty	rich
temple	UsedFor	pray
room	AtLocation	motel
window	MadeOf	glass
america	IsA	republic
beggar	AtLocation	street
rule	ReceivesAction	follow
cartoon	RelatedTo	animation
water	AtLocation	tsunami
flower	ReceivesAction	scent
french horn	AtLocation	france
champagne	HasA	alcohol
symphony	IsA	music
flour	AtLocation	pantry
live	Causes	love
water	AtLocation	dam
fire	Causes	heat
swim	UsedFor	fun
dial	PartOf	clock
water	AtLocation	well
content	PartOf	book
dog	CapableOf	growl
skyscraper	HasProperty	tall
uncle	HasProperty	male
food	AtLocation	refrigerator
blood	AtLocation	artery
cartoon	IsA	show
whale	IsA	mammal
cd	HasProperty	round
seoul	AtLocation	korea
orbit	HasProperty	round
buddhist	AtLocation	temple
aerobics	UsedFor	exercise
weapon	CapableOf	kill
tickle	Causes	giggle
oboe	AtLocation	orchestra
water	AtLocation	drip
chair	AtLocation	office
fin	PartOf	whale
ice	AtLocation	iceland
mountain	HasProperty	big
suite	AtLocation	hotel
cocaine	HasProperty	illegal
pig	HasProperty	pink
crater	AtLocation	moon
marijuana	HasProperty	green
organ	PartOf	body
terrace	AtLocation	house
magic	AtLocation	fairy tale
toner	AtLocation	copier
sink	AtLocation	kitchen
word	PartOf	quote
metal	HasProperty	cold
computer	RelatedTo	monitor
window	CapableOf	break
death	IsA	certainty
scotland	IsA	place
alto	IsA	singer
hippo	AtLocation	zoo
ski	HasProperty	fun
talk	HasPrerequisite	listen
bulb	AtLocation	lamp
mystery	IsA	book
garden	AtLocation	yard
lens	AtLocation	microscope
itch	HasLastSubevent	scratch
breathe	HasSubevent	exhale
heart	IsA	organ
illusion	PartOf	magic
vampire	HasProperty	undead
knife	MadeOf	steel
gel	HasProperty	sticky
nicotine	IsA	drug
chalkboard	AtLocation	classroom
alley	HasProperty	narrow
soldier	PartOf	army
cotton	HasProperty	soft
duck	HasProperty	yellow
worm	IsA	animal
earth	IsA	planet
key	MadeOf	metal
grapefruit	HasProperty	yellow
air	HasProperty	invisible
loyalty	IsA	virtue
puppy	IsA	dog
radiation	HasProperty	bad
worm	AtLocation	earth
kingdom	AtLocation	monarchy
stereo	AtLocation	car
triangle	AtLocation	trigonometry
this	IsA	something
sea	AtLocation	ocean
fin	PartOf	fish
kiss	SymbolOf	love
body	AtLocation	coffin
star	AtLocation	space
carrot	AtLocation	salad
party	UsedFor	enjoyment
staple	UsedFor	fasten
island	UsedFor	vacation
injury	AtLocation	hospital
ticket	IsA	receipt
lip	AtLocation	face
nylon	AtLocation	rope
engine	PartOf	automobile
cat	AtLocation	alley
cook	PartOf	kitchen
thing	IsA	object
psychology	AtLocation	textbook
beer	AtLocation	pub
sun	AtLocation	universe
bristle	HasProperty	stiff
broil	IsA	cook
lobster	IsA	crustacean
cookie	IsA	food
walk	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
bread	HasProperty	eat
pelican	IsA	bird
bride	IsA	woman
bicycle	HasA	pedal
student	AtLocation	college
arabic	ReceivesAction	language
motel	UsedFor	sleep
forklift	AtLocation	warehouse
ocean	HasA	salt water
needle	AtLocation	doctor
mother	UsedFor	love
bow	PartOf	ship
chapel	UsedFor	worship
drumstick	PartOf	turkey
harp	UsedFor	music
one	IsA	number
beaver	AtLocation	river
woman	IsA	female
democracy	Causes	freedom
mother	IsA	parent
yacht	HasProperty	expensive
apple	HasProperty	red
machine gun	UsedFor	kill
vine	AtLocation	jungle
metal	HasProperty	strong
skunk	IsA	mammal
tongue	PartOf	mouth
banjo	IsA	musical instrument
paperwork	AtLocation	work
cat	UsedFor	pet
pail	IsA	bucket
procreate	HasSubevent	have sex
mug	UsedFor	drink
fire	CapableOf	destroy
contemplate	HasPrerequisite	think
teaspoon	AtLocation	kitchen
dancer	CapableOf	dance
ice cream	HasProperty	delicious
horseshoe	HasProperty	lucky
water	AtLocation	cool
dog	CapableOf	sit
a	PartOf	alphabet
marijuana	HasProperty	illegal
primate	IsA	mammal
ferret	IsA	mammal
developer	IsA	programmer
blackbird	IsA	bird
doctor	UsedFor	heal
musical	IsA	play
baby	AtLocation	cradle
nothing	HasProperty	free
meat	IsA	food
turtle	Desires	water
pane	PartOf	window
pebble	UsedFor	throw
fish	AtLocation	lake
d	IsA	letter
mask	AtLocation	carnival
doll	AtLocation	house
wood	IsA	material
arena	UsedFor	fight
mouth	CapableOf	breath
bread	AtLocation	cupboard
write	HasFirstSubevent	think
fall	CapableOf	hurt
lake	UsedFor	swim
tooth	AtLocation	mouth
membrane	AtLocation	cell
heaven	AtLocation	sky
general	AtLocation	war
cat	IsA	mammal
snore	HasPrerequisite	sleep
bed	HasProperty	comfortable
oil	UsedFor	lubricate
hair	PartOf	head
soap	UsedFor	wash
evil	HasProperty	bad
wolf	AtLocation	forest
death	Causes	burial
snow	UsedFor	shovel
psychiatrist	UsedFor	depression
ammunition	AtLocation	gun
cowboy	AtLocation	horse
north korea	PartOf	korea
solicitor	IsA	lawyer
hand	AtLocation	glove
earth	PartOf	solar system
cat	AtLocation	house
door	AtLocation	wall
water	AtLocation	flood
highway	IsA	road
cat	HasProperty	wild
turtle	HasA	shell
run	HasProperty	swim
dream	HasLastSubevent	wake up
clinton	DefinedAs	president
rook	IsA	chess piece
ship	AtLocation	port
mountain	HasA	snow
word	UsedFor	insult
kill	IsA	crime
facet	PartOf	sink
lesbian	IsA	sexuality
snow	PartOf	weather
furniture	AtLocation	room
sex	HasProperty	pleasurable
study	RelatedTo	exam
change	AtLocation	pocket
roommate	AtLocation	apartment
grave	AtLocation	funeral
watch	UsedFor	time
run	HasPrerequisite	leg
bag	AtLocation	mall
badger	AtLocation	sett
child	HasA	mother
chicken	HasA	feather
locker	PartOf	door
mouse	AtLocation	cheese
fat lady	AtLocation	opera
sentence	PartOf	speech
clinton	IsA	president
cake	MadeOf	flour
garage	UsedFor	car
program	AtLocation	computer
language	ReceivesAction	speak
moon	MadeOf	rock
phone	IsA	device
flame	HasProperty	hot
rooster	IsA	chicken
basketball	HasProperty	round
advertisement	AtLocation	magazine
potato	AtLocation	salad
present	UsedFor	give
arsenic	IsA	element
prostitute	UsedFor	sex
demon	AtLocation	hell
baseball	IsA	game
money	AtLocation	wallet
arm	IsA	limb
lawn	HasProperty	green
overflow	UsedFor	flood
coral	AtLocation	underwater
happiness	IsA	bliss
listen	Causes	understand
god	AtLocation	heaven
white	IsA	color
tetrahedron	IsA	pyramid
husband	UsedFor	wife
google	IsA	search engine
gull	AtLocation	sea
fall	HasSubevent	land
cheddar	IsA	cheese
prisoner	CapableOf	jail
swim	HasSubevent	dive
desert	HasProperty	dry
food	HasA	taste
baggage	AtLocation	airport
badminton	IsA	game
telephone	UsedFor	communicate
chimpanzee	IsA	ape
chair	AtLocation	desk
hindu	AtLocation	temple
money	AtLocation	supermarket
king	RelatedTo	queen
basketball	PartOf	game
diamond	IsA	carbon
rug	UsedFor	decoration
parkway	IsA	highway
tenor	AtLocation	choir
vertebrate	IsA	animal
cold	Causes	shiver
corpse	AtLocation	graveyard
porcelain	HasProperty	fragile
ball	HasProperty	round
yoga	UsedFor	meditation
balance	IsA	scale
gamble	HasProperty	risky
leg	PartOf	foot
passage	AtLocation	bible
spaghetti	IsA	food
condom	UsedFor	contraception
worker	AtLocation	work
sex	PartOf	procreation
product	ReceivesAction	buy
food	IsA	substance
surf	HasPrerequisite	wave
mineral	AtLocation	rock
bicycle	HasProperty	red
row	IsA	fight
preserve	AtLocation	jar
home	HasProperty	safe
computer	HasProperty	digital
beaver	IsA	animal
afternoon	PartOf	day
snow	AtLocation	alaska
fish	AtLocation	pond
biography	IsA	book
monkey	AtLocation	rain forest
check	AtLocation	checkbook
oboe	IsA	wind instrument
bowl	IsA	pipe
monitor	IsA	tv
black	IsA	colour
voice	UsedFor	sing
paperwork	AtLocation	desk
library	UsedFor	read
passenger	IsA	person
earth	IsA	sphere
train	AtLocation	railway
listen	Causes	learn
fruit	AtLocation	basket
fish	CapableOf	swim
bicycle	IsA	transportation
box	IsA	sport
talk	HasPrerequisite	voice
alcoholic	Desires	liquor
mouse	RelatedTo	computer
tire	AtLocation	truck
sword	CapableOf	cut
grandson	PartOf	family
rubber	HasProperty	pliable
cake	IsA	desert
metal	IsA	music
boner	HasProperty	erection
vehicle	CapableOf	travel
learn	HasPrerequisite	read
armchair	IsA	chair
pretend	Causes	play
algebra	AtLocation	school
doctor	AtLocation	clinic
classroom	PartOf	school
movie	HasProperty	fictional
vinyl	IsA	plastic
car	UsedFor	drive
headline	AtLocation	newspaper
flour	MadeOf	wheat
water	AtLocation	soft drink
gas	CapableOf	expand
firework	IsA	explosive
bamboo	IsA	plant
baggage	UsedFor	travel
sprint	HasProperty	fast
falcon	IsA	bird
yellow	IsA	color
britain	HasA	monarchy
nut	IsA	seed
light	UsedFor	illuminate
bird	AtLocation	nest
marble	IsA	sphere
guitar	HasA	string
memorize	HasPrerequisite	study
horse	PartOf	animal
bicycle	HasA	seat
study	PartOf	education
leather	UsedFor	tan
carbon	IsA	element
present	AtLocation	box
dove	IsA	bird
counter	AtLocation	kitchen
pew	UsedFor	pray
problem	HasProperty	bad
earth	PartOf	universe
kitchen	AtLocation	knife
anatomy	IsA	science
mouse	IsA	animal
pony	IsA	horse
dog	ReceivesAction	feed
prince	IsA	royalty
goldfish	IsA	pet
girl	AtLocation	school
car	CapableOf	speed up
shampoo	AtLocation	hair
turnip	IsA	vegetable
fish	IsA	pet
backpack	AtLocation	school
n	PartOf	alphabet
fire	HasPrerequisite	fuel
plant	HasA	flower
red	IsA	colour
purse	AtLocation	money
prisoner	AtLocation	prison
ledger	AtLocation	account
sky	AtLocation	outdoors
present	AtLocation	christmas tree
cloudy	IsA	weather
shelter	AtLocation	house
bride	HasProperty	beautiful
believer	AtLocation	church
ink	HasProperty	blue
nucleus	PartOf	cell
movie	IsA	watch
change	AtLocation	purse
learn	Causes	knowledge
man	HasA	penis
house	UsedFor	shelter
computer	HasProperty	fun
bird	AtLocation	tree
dart	IsA	throw
screen	AtLocation	monitor
playground	PartOf	school
consciousness	HasProperty	state of mind
sushi	HasProperty	japanese
honesty	HasProperty	good
province	PartOf	country
cougar	IsA	cat
honor	IsA	virtue
mouth	PartOf	face
drunk	CapableOf	throw up
curtain	UsedFor	privacy
salt	HasProperty	salty
age	Causes	wrinkle
aisle	AtLocation	church
pen	AtLocation	desk
wagon	HasA	wheel
strawberry	IsA	ice cream
condom	UsedFor	protection
sword	SymbolOf	war
fire	CapableOf	damage
flute	IsA	instrument
floor	AtLocation	kitchen
pretend	HasPrerequisite	act
violin	IsA	fiddle
forest	AtLocation	countryside
pencil	UsedFor	write
torso	IsA	body part
tea	HasA	caffeine
trumpet	IsA	instrument
water	AtLocation	drool
mushroom	AtLocation	forest
drum	IsA	musical instrument
student	AtLocation	classroom
article	PartOf	newspaper
sheet	AtLocation	bedroom
earth	HasProperty	green
religion	IsA	ideology
two	IsA	one
intercourse	HasProperty	fun
ski	IsA	sport
table	MadeOf	wood
wet	AtLocation	water
apple juice	HasProperty	sweet
sentence	IsA	punishment
seaweed	AtLocation	beach
piece	AtLocation	puzzle
learn	Causes	understand
isle	AtLocation	sea
hole	AtLocation	wall
mustard	IsA	condiment
airport	HasA	runway
sailboat	HasProperty	fun
sex	AtLocation	porn
mouth	CapableOf	speak
walk	Causes	exercise
city	AtLocation	county
cleric	AtLocation	church
new	NotHasProperty	good
wood	AtLocation	tree
silk	HasProperty	soft
pain	IsA	sensation
unhealthy	HasProperty	bad
bazaar	AtLocation	india
dildo	IsA	sex toy
fall	HasSubevent	bruise
month	PartOf	calendar
geek	AtLocation	school
plane	HasProperty	fly
airplane	HasA	propeller
stethoscope	IsA	tool
bird	IsA	animal
paint	AtLocation	wall
space	IsA	vacuum
stone	HasProperty	solid
pineapple	IsA	fruit
saturday	IsA	day
sheet	PartOf	bed
beverage	IsA	drink
fire	ReceivesAction	extinguish
meat	HasProperty	delicious
pig	AtLocation	mud
lock	UsedFor	protect
lane	IsA	street
memory	MadeOf	experience
live	Causes	die
egg	AtLocation	nest
seat belt	AtLocation	plane
freeway	IsA	road
string	PartOf	harpsichord
bacteria	IsA	organism
girl	IsA	female
clay	UsedFor	sculpt
dictator	PartOf	dictatorship
antarctica	IsA	continent
saucer	IsA	dish
learn	UsedFor	interest
wood	CapableOf	burn
id	UsedFor	identification
bicycle	HasA	spoke
ear	UsedFor	hear
grill	IsA	cook
critic	AtLocation	movie
phone	UsedFor	call
orange	HasProperty	juicy
ship	UsedFor	voyage
liver	IsA	organ
steakhouse	UsedFor	dinner
filament	PartOf	light bulb
pepper	HasProperty	spicy
milk	IsA	beverage
oil	HasProperty	refine
dust	AtLocation	air
faucet	AtLocation	bathroom
queen	PartOf	monarchy
pot	IsA	vessel
tar	HasProperty	black
house	HasA	door
ant	AtLocation	colony
affair	Causes	divorce
poem	HasA	metaphor
foil	IsA	sword
cheese	AtLocation	pizza
door	PartOf	car
supermarket	UsedFor	shop
beer	MadeOf	malt
dish	ReceivesAction	wash
muslim	AtLocation	mosque
gasoline	AtLocation	gas station
bathe	UsedFor	wash
center	AtLocation	middle
lifeguard	AtLocation	pool
heater	AtLocation	house
cheese	IsA	food
wheat	AtLocation	field
medal	IsA	honor
you	PartOf	we
car	AtLocation	street
ale	AtLocation	pub
lark	IsA	fun
canvas	UsedFor	art
igloo	IsA	house
person	AtLocation	family
screw	IsA	tool
dinosaur	IsA	reptile
play	HasProperty	fun
cake	ReceivesAction	cook
route	AtLocation	map
gerbil	IsA	mammal
bacon	IsA	food
santa claus	AtLocation	north pole
flint	IsA	stone
person	HasProperty	stupid
flower	AtLocation	countryside
harry potter	HasProperty	fictional
drawer	IsA	storage
wing	UsedFor	flap
corpse	AtLocation	coffin
rest	MotivatedByGoal	sleep
water	AtLocation	juice
chorus	CapableOf	sing
ottoman	AtLocation	chair
viola	IsA	instrument
pulpit	UsedFor	preach
ten	IsA	number
pillow	AtLocation	bedroom
smoke	AtLocation	fire
ocean	UsedFor	dive
kidnap	HasProperty	bad
compete	HasSubevent	lose
skyscraper	MadeOf	steel
notepad	UsedFor	doodle
nitrogen	AtLocation	air
grass	AtLocation	park
painter	CapableOf	draw
bomber	IsA	aircraft
egg	HasProperty	good
sap	AtLocation	tree
language	RelatedTo	speak
pee	AtLocation	bathroom
weather	HasProperty	hot
milk	ReceivesAction	spill
it	HasA	wing
stick	MadeOf	wood
gentleman	AtLocation	tuxedo
carpet	AtLocation	house
clarinet	IsA	wind instrument
arsenic	IsA	poison
family	IsA	relationship
study	UsedFor	work
board game	IsA	game
head	AtLocation	shoulder
hole	HasProperty	round
sight	IsA	sense
floor	PartOf	room
knife	AtLocation	fork
eyeshadow	IsA	makeup
booze	IsA	alcohol
alcohol	HasProperty	intoxicate
keyboard	PartOf	computer
cartoon	IsA	picture
president	AtLocation	government
sole	PartOf	shoe
tangerine	IsA	fruit
coffee	HasProperty	bitter
attribute	IsA	property
catwalk	AtLocation	theater
house	MadeOf	wood
toy	UsedFor	play
sock	AtLocation	foot
child	HasProperty	play
google	AtLocation	internet
study	HasPrerequisite	motivation
manager	AtLocation	store
finger	AtLocation	glove
student	Desires	learn
pencil	AtLocation	backpack
person	NotDesires	irritation
cell	AtLocation	body
concrete	HasProperty	hard
champagne	UsedFor	celebrate
listen	HasLastSubevent	understand
tulip	HasProperty	pretty
book	UsedFor	history
rabbit	IsA	animal
passenger	AtLocation	car
bowl	UsedFor	soup
male	IsA	boy
satellite	AtLocation	orbit
space shuttle	AtLocation	cape canaveral
man	IsA	human
basement	PartOf	house
dessert	HasProperty	dry
chicken	HasProperty	delicious
drawer	UsedFor	storage
butterfly	IsA	insect
funeral	HasSubevent	mourn
cartoon	AtLocation	newspaper
dishwasher	AtLocation	kitchen
talk	Causes	communication
coral	AtLocation	sea
life	ReceivesAction	good
highway	UsedFor	car
art	AtLocation	museum
diamond	HasProperty	clear
stamp	AtLocation	mail
alter	AtLocation	church
cathedral	HasA	dome
factory	UsedFor	manufacture
relax	HasPrerequisite	meditate
tool	UsedFor	use
swan	IsA	bird
geek	HasProperty	intelligent
nature	HasProperty	serene
carpet	AtLocation	floor
machine	UsedFor	combine
music	HasProperty	sound
plant	PartOf	nature
child	HasProperty	vulnerable
sex	Causes	orgasm
brain	AtLocation	skull
baby	HasProperty	small
blade	PartOf	fan
praise	HasProperty	good
chicken	IsA	fowl
dance	HasPrerequisite	movement
earth	HasProperty	water
bay	HasA	water
sailboat	HasA	sail
pet	IsA	animal
novel	IsA	story
bone	CapableOf	break
robbery	IsA	crime
jacket	HasA	zipper
smoke	HasSubevent	inhale
lemon	HasProperty	tart
sleep	UsedFor	relax
tombstone	AtLocation	cemetery
document	IsA	paper
kettle	MadeOf	copper
hindsight	IsA	20 20
sky	HasProperty	dark
kitten	IsA	animal
pain	IsA	symptom
meal	CreatedBy	cook
water	AtLocation	shower
emotion	UsedFor	feel
perform	HasSubevent	music
house	IsA	shelter
leg	AtLocation	table
grizzly	IsA	bear
cigarette	AtLocation	ashtray
up	IsA	direction
cola	HasA	caffeine
company	Desires	money
bulb	ReceivesAction	break
kill	InheritsFrom	die
sapphire	HasProperty	blue
hummingbird	HasProperty	small
octopus	AtLocation	ocean
earth	NotHasProperty	round
table	AtLocation	restaurant
land	AtLocation	country
deer	IsA	animal
cello	IsA	instrument
queen	HasProperty	old
porn	UsedFor	masturbate
gun	AtLocation	holster
castle	MadeOf	stone
congress	PartOf	legislature
consciousness	HasProperty	awareness
leader	HasA	follower
axe	HasProperty	sharp
plastic	HasProperty	durable
trash	AtLocation	dumpster
badger	IsA	mammal
sofa	IsA	chair
brain	MadeOf	neuron
starfish	AtLocation	ocean
money	AtLocation	safe
believer	IsA	religion
television	UsedFor	entertainment
office	AtLocation	paper
sad	HasProperty	bad
blood	AtLocation	body
ring	MadeOf	gold
heat	UsedFor	energy
tuna	AtLocation	ocean
chair	MadeOf	wood
mat	AtLocation	carpet
lover	CapableOf	kiss
soldier	AtLocation	battle
clock	CapableOf	chime
rifle	UsedFor	hunt
information	AtLocation	online
learn	UsedFor	grow
sculpture	MadeOf	plaster
stool	IsA	seat
human	IsA	primate
gas	UsedFor	balloon
milk	AtLocation	bottle
vine	IsA	plant
love	CausesDesire	live
kiss	HasSubevent	tongue
heater	HasProperty	warm
dish	UsedFor	food
tire	AtLocation	car
flask	UsedFor	drink
timer	AtLocation	kitchen
wife	UsedFor	husband
music	HasA	tune
olympics	SymbolOf	medal
sun	AtLocation	solar system
relax	HasFirstSubevent	slow down
communicate	HasSubevent	speak
drive	HasPrerequisite	car
bath	AtLocation	house
hospital	UsedFor	emergency
grill	UsedFor	barbecue
couple	HasProperty	happy
bean	UsedFor	plant
cellar	AtLocation	basement
austin	PartOf	texas
tail	PartOf	cat
disease	HasProperty	sickness
computer	UsedFor	calculate
lid	PartOf	box
colorado	IsA	place
king	UsedFor	rule
coal	UsedFor	energy
bite	PartOf	byte
can	ReceivesAction	recycle
linen	IsA	cloth
brain	IsA	organ
gold	IsA	metal
gay	IsA	sexuality
refuse	UsedFor	landfill
television	RelatedTo	radio
apple juice	IsA	liquid
space	HasProperty	infinite
tooth	UsedFor	eat
vase	IsA	container
read	CausesDesire	think
home	UsedFor	live
glass	HasA	liquid
tiger	AtLocation	zoo
lie	HasPrerequisite	deceit
illness	AtLocation	hospital
soldier	UsedFor	kill
tortoise	HasProperty	slow
singer	HasProperty	sing
autumn	IsA	season
vietnam	IsA	country
god	AtLocation	bible
wing	UsedFor	bird
crane	IsA	bird
stop	IsA	end
water	IsA	liquid
water	AtLocation	lake
lie	UsedFor	deceit
light bulb	Causes	illumination
keyboard	PartOf	piano
university	IsA	institution
thriller	IsA	movie
car	IsA	vehicle
zucchini	IsA	vegetable
beer	IsA	alcohol
sugar	IsA	carbohydrate
janitor	IsA	job
magazine	IsA	book
marble	AtLocation	game
bone	HasA	marrow
clutter	AtLocation	desk
tulip	HasProperty	pink
scale	UsedFor	weigh
hot dog	IsA	sandwich
petal	PartOf	flower
thirst	CausesDesire	drink
dog	IsA	mammal
iphone	IsA	telephone
ink	PartOf	pen
men	HasA	penis
soldier	CapableOf	march
jellyfish	AtLocation	water
alcoholic	UsedFor	alcohol
lawn	AtLocation	backyard
verb	AtLocation	sentence
statue	MadeOf	marble
rich	HasPrerequisite	invest
room	HasA	wall
crow	IsA	bird
hand	IsA	appendage
red	IsA	color
hammer	AtLocation	workshop
person	NotDesires	loss
diamond	IsA	stone
grass	AtLocation	countryside
pad	UsedFor	paper
soot	HasProperty	black
cashier	AtLocation	market
dish	IsA	plate
wart	AtLocation	frog
spain	IsA	country
motorcycle	UsedFor	ride
tractor	AtLocation	field
viola	UsedFor	music
rooster	HasA	comb
ghost	AtLocation	cemetery
justification	HasPrerequisite	logic
reptile	AtLocation	zoo
frog	IsA	amphibian
nightclub	HasProperty	loud
orange	HasA	peel
book	UsedFor	relaxation
child	HasProperty	curious
page	AtLocation	book
lie	UsedFor	deceive
tile	AtLocation	wall
basket	ReceivesAction	weave
bilbo	IsA	hobbit
friend	HasProperty	fun
reproduce	HasSubevent	sex
swim	IsA	sport
lens	PartOf	eyeglass
wood	HasA	grain
bag	AtLocation	trash
exercise	UsedFor	health
animal	AtLocation	farm
cup	UsedFor	drink
brick	AtLocation	build
letter	AtLocation	alphabet
moon	IsA	planet
exercise	Causes	fatigue
pebble	AtLocation	river
iron	IsA	element
friend	UsedFor	companionship
boulevard	AtLocation	city
pistol	IsA	firearm
blackout	Causes	darkness
weed	HasProperty	green
uranium	IsA	metal
bee	PartOf	colony
pepper	HasProperty	hot
muscle	IsA	meat
aisle	UsedFor	walk
candle	ReceivesAction	light
erection	HasPrerequisite	penis
elephant	HasA	tusk
beer	AtLocation	bottle
sex	Causes	sweat
child	NotDesires	spank
ribbon	AtLocation	typewriter
love	InheritsFrom	sex
horseshoe	MadeOf	metal
wrestler	CapableOf	wrestle
knight	AtLocation	castle
sun	HasProperty	hot
talk	Causes	conversation
clock	AtLocation	wall
diamond	HasProperty	valuable
bomb	UsedFor	explode
wing	PartOf	bird
sink	UsedFor	wash
kitten	HasProperty	adorable
mug	UsedFor	coffee
jellyfish	AtLocation	aquarium
bass	IsA	instrument
day	HasProperty	bright
exercise	HasSubevent	run
oar	UsedFor	row
dog	CapableOf	eat
pigskin	DefinedAs	football
water	AtLocation	refrigerator
heel	PartOf	foot
trash	IsA	waste
smoke	HasProperty	bad
car	HasA	seat belt
boat	AtLocation	river
candy	HasA	sugar
hand	PartOf	arm
morphine	IsA	sedative
scarf	HasProperty	warm
hand	UsedFor	hold
rifle	UsedFor	kill
shipwreck	AtLocation	ocean
screen	AtLocation	movie
sushi	IsA	food
orchestra	AtLocation	opera
fruit	HasProperty	colorful
trunk	PartOf	tree
bicycle	UsedFor	fun
hippo	PartOf	animal
beer	AtLocation	can
dick	HasProperty	penis
walnut	IsA	nut
car	CapableOf	pollute
twist	IsA	dance
book	HasA	chapter
california	IsA	state
saxophone	IsA	wind instrument
egg	AtLocation	chicken
soldier	AtLocation	army
feather	HasProperty	light
south pole	SymbolOf	penguin
aeroplane	HasProperty	fly
down	IsA	direction
cake	UsedFor	eat
pretend	HasFirstSubevent	imagine
boot	MadeOf	leather
smile	IsA	fun
puppet	IsA	doll
animal	AtLocation	zoo
film	AtLocation	movie
bully	AtLocation	school
sea	HasProperty	blue
graphite	IsA	carbon
tire	MadeOf	rubber
sing	HasPrerequisite	voice
card	MadeOf	paper
pebble	AtLocation	beach
lamb	IsA	meat
me	UsedFor	love
saloon	UsedFor	beer
trophy	HasProperty	shiny
politician	CapableOf	lie
dog	HasProperty	goofy
peanut	IsA	nut
cider	MadeOf	apple
country	IsA	state
scheme	IsA	manipulation
black	SymbolOf	death
eye	UsedFor	see
sermon	AtLocation	church
politician	Desires	power
album	MadeOf	vinyl
exercise	HasFirstSubevent	stretch
person	HasProperty	mean
stethoscope	HasProperty	cold
blanket	UsedFor	sleep
cat	HasProperty	fickle
nose	UsedFor	breathe
leech	PartOf	animal
seven	IsA	number
apple	HasA	skin
chinese food	HasProperty	delicious
oil	AtLocation	engine
orchestra	AtLocation	theater
ink	UsedFor	draw
pickle	AtLocation	jar
communism	AtLocation	china
court	UsedFor	trial
key	UsedFor	lock
butterfly	HasA	wing
mattress	PartOf	bed
hospital	SymbolOf	operation
monkey	InstanceOf	animal
needle	UsedFor	injection
rhode island	IsA	state
chilli	IsA	pepper
sir	DefinedAs	knight
science	UsedFor	discovery
common sense	HasProperty	good
cat	AtLocation	rug
entertainment	AtLocation	movie
orange juice	HasA	vitamin c
foul	IsA	smell
bee	AtLocation	hive
water	AtLocation	toilet
alcohol	CausesDesire	socialize
sword	UsedFor	fence
austria	IsA	country
leather	UsedFor	shoe
grenade	IsA	bomb
gate	AtLocation	garden
egg	IsA	food
oven	UsedFor	bake
sea	AtLocation	ship
toilet	UsedFor	pee
japan	IsA	country
human	IsA	animal
israel	PartOf	middle east
soldier	UsedFor	fight
mongoose	IsA	mammal
torso	PartOf	body
passport	IsA	document
earth	IsA	globe
religion	AtLocation	cathedral
god	IsA	creator
study	RelatedTo	mathematics
sing	HasProperty	fun
stair	ReceivesAction	climb
noodle	UsedFor	eat
screen	AtLocation	laptop
aisle	AtLocation	supermarket
twelve	IsA	number
tickle	Causes	laugh
bourbon	IsA	whiskey
star	AtLocation	hollywood
jazz	AtLocation	new orleans
computer	CapableOf	crash
lip	IsA	kiss
daisy	IsA	flower
piece	PartOf	whole
teddy bear	UsedFor	cuddle
boat	NotDesires	sink
tent	UsedFor	camp
basketball	UsedFor	dribble
kill	HasSubevent	death
drive	HasProperty	walk
puzzle	IsA	problem
circle	SymbolOf	life
palm	PartOf	hand
telephone	UsedFor	communication
light	UsedFor	energy
number	UsedFor	count
flea	AtLocation	dog
alto	UsedFor	sing
rain	IsA	weather
wrestle	UsedFor	sport
time	UsedFor	wait
artist	CapableOf	paint
sunset	HasProperty	beautiful
screen	PartOf	tv
king	RelatedTo	prince
birthday	UsedFor	celebrate
tarmac	AtLocation	airport
starvation	Causes	death
sleep	InheritsFrom	rest
food	UsedFor	energy
planet	AtLocation	solar system
animal	CapableOf	live
republican	HasProperty	right-wing
rubber	HasProperty	flexible
house	IsA	build
woman	IsA	slut
a	IsA	letter
lake	UsedFor	boat
weapon	UsedFor	destruction
food	AtLocation	pizza
smoke	Causes	pollution
ottoman	UsedFor	sit
dog	CapableOf	bark
razor	UsedFor	shave
africa	IsA	continent
apple	HasProperty	delicious
pain	HasProperty	bad
car	CapableOf	stall
chalkboard	MadeOf	slate
electron	AtLocation	wire
artery	IsA	blood vessel
sun	IsA	life
pot	HasA	flower
whip	UsedFor	hit
editorial	AtLocation	newspaper
death	HasProperty	tragic
cocaine	HasProperty	addictive
hotdog	IsA	food
catfish	CapableOf	swim
honesty	IsA	virtue
norway	IsA	country
classroom	RelatedTo	blackboard
wheel	UsedFor	roll
piano	IsA	musical instrument
democrat	HasProperty	left-wing
cat	CapableOf	nap
action	HasA	consequence
computer	HasA	keyboard
fire	IsA	combustion
package	AtLocation	post office
island	IsA	land
champagne	HasProperty	bubbly
baby	HasProperty	young
success	AtLocation	business
beer	HasA	alcohol
toaster	IsA	machine
pencil	UsedFor	doodle
ball	UsedFor	play
men	HasA	sperm
earth	AtLocation	space
sun	UsedFor	energy
water	UsedFor	clean
cold	IsA	sickness
music	UsedFor	listen
fish	AtLocation	sea
think	UsedFor	learn
screw	IsA	spiral
kill	UsedFor	murder
book	HasA	knowledge
carp	IsA	fish
notebook	IsA	computer
verb	IsA	action word
lawnmower	UsedFor	mow
gun	AtLocation	war
truck	IsA	vehicle
government	ReceivesAction	corrupt
handgun	UsedFor	murder
hay	AtLocation	loft
hatchet	IsA	tool
agony	IsA	pain
mercury	IsA	metal
prune	MadeOf	plum
tap	UsedFor	beer
joke	HasProperty	funny
cornea	PartOf	eyeball
car	HasA	bumper
sewer	HasProperty	smelly
nurse	AtLocation	hospital
cloud	PartOf	weather
die	HasSubevent	end
computer	UsedFor	communication
judge	AtLocation	courtroom
magpie	IsA	bird
tobacco	IsA	plant
tool	HasProperty	useful
padlock	IsA	lock
e	PartOf	alphabet
stethoscope	AtLocation	doctor
neutron	PartOf	atom
dandruff	HasProperty	white
peanut butter	IsA	spread
closet	MadeOf	wood
keyboard	UsedFor	type
cell phone	CapableOf	ring
religion	HasProperty	bad
person	HasProperty	kind
outer space	AtLocation	orbit
corn	AtLocation	field
slave	NotHasA	freedom
prayer	AtLocation	church
sky	UsedFor	rain
salt	UsedFor	season
game	UsedFor	entertainment
person	HasProperty	alone
teller	AtLocation	bank
footprint	AtLocation	beach
artist	CapableOf	create
orthodox	IsA	christian
pub	AtLocation	ireland
apple	NotHasProperty	red
tomato	AtLocation	pizza
pilot	CapableOf	fly
java	IsA	place
whisker	PartOf	cat
stud	IsA	horse
country	HasA	population
wheelchair	UsedFor	mobility
skyscraper	UsedFor	city
person	HasProperty	human
bucket	IsA	container
scheme	IsA	plot
sitcom	AtLocation	tv
breakfast	IsA	meal
cloud	UsedFor	rain
los angeles	PartOf	california
water	IsA	life
wheat	UsedFor	flour
paper	UsedFor	origami
game	AtLocation	arcade
stone	HasProperty	smooth
dance	UsedFor	fun
lie	IsA	deception
novel	AtLocation	bookstore
listen	HasPrerequisite	pay attention
track	UsedFor	run
mailbox	AtLocation	post office
ladybug	IsA	insect
auditorium	UsedFor	assembly
pew	IsA	bench
bear	AtLocation	zoo
box	MadeOf	cardboard
spa	UsedFor	relax
cash	AtLocation	cash register
lesbian	HasProperty	female
water	AtLocation	typhoon
tab	AtLocation	bar
coca cola	IsA	cola
sandal	IsA	footwear
border	IsA	edge
god	Causes	miracle
arrow	AtLocation	quiver
outer space	HasProperty	cold
boiler	PartOf	furnace
steel	IsA	alloy
leg	PartOf	chair
satchel	AtLocation	school
membrane	IsA	surface
lie	NotHasProperty	true
dog	HasA	tail
water	AtLocation	bubble
onion	IsA	vegetable
eggplant	HasProperty	purple
leaf	PartOf	plant
door	CapableOf	open
human	AtLocation	love
jihad	IsA	terrorism
desert	HasProperty	sweet
traffic light	AtLocation	intersection
stain	AtLocation	carpet
silk	AtLocation	parachute
jam	MadeOf	fruit
bathtub	UsedFor	bathe
plant	Desires	water
homework	AtLocation	school
blade	UsedFor	cut
nausea	AtLocation	boat
gas	UsedFor	fuel
summer	IsA	season
hotel	UsedFor	lodge
elephant	HasProperty	big
door	IsA	wood
violence	HasProperty	bad
artifact	AtLocation	museum
disgust	IsA	emotion
person	HasProperty	jealous
spam	AtLocation	can
elephant	AtLocation	zoo
wing	AtLocation	airplane
thing	IsA	something
fun	HasProperty	enjoyable
family	IsA	person
blood	PartOf	body
tongue	IsA	muscle
chocolate	IsA	candy
train	UsedFor	ride
ocean	IsA	salt water
shop	HasSubevent	buy
shower	UsedFor	bathe
nylon	UsedFor	parachute
food	UsedFor	cook
bagel	ReceivesAction	toast
plant	IsA	organism
stew	IsA	food
fabric	UsedFor	clothe
tank	AtLocation	war
football	MadeOf	pigskin
lens	AtLocation	camera
explosive	UsedFor	kaboom
church	UsedFor	worship
gum	UsedFor	chew
yolk	AtLocation	egg
leave	AtLocation	tree
cup	IsA	vessel
climb	Causes	fall
county	AtLocation	state
towel	MadeOf	cotton
diamond	HasProperty	rare
water	AtLocation	bridge
university	IsA	school
marble	UsedFor	game
rest	Causes	sleep
time	HasProperty	now
nun	UsedFor	nunnery
circular	IsA	shape
zebra	IsA	equine
alien	AtLocation	ufo
door	AtLocation	house
arthritis	IsA	disease
tickle	HasSubevent	laughter
saxophone	IsA	musical instrument
tree	UsedFor	paper
sword	CapableOf	thrust
stew	AtLocation	pot
laser	UsedFor	eye surgery
deficit	IsA	shortage
trumpet	UsedFor	fanfare
grow	PartOf	live
water	PartOf	sea
carpet	DefinedAs	rug
coffee	HasProperty	addictive
pluto	AtLocation	space
encyclopedia	HasProperty	old
urinate	HasPrerequisite	liquid
san francisco	PartOf	california
collar	PartOf	shirt
heat	AtLocation	fire
ball	HasProperty	circular
flute	AtLocation	band
vehicle	UsedFor	transportation
jesus	PartOf	christianity
dog	CapableOf	bite
mushroom	AtLocation	pizza
tile	UsedFor	art
entertain	InheritsFrom	enjoy
plane	UsedFor	fly
ice cream	AtLocation	freezer
school	UsedFor	learn
work	Causes	exhaustion
guitar	UsedFor	music
feel	HasProperty	soft
giraffe	IsA	mammal
thorn	HasProperty	sharp
honey	HasProperty	sweet
gel	UsedFor	lubrication
boy	IsA	child
billboard	UsedFor	advertisement
dove	SymbolOf	peace
street	UsedFor	walk
penis	UsedFor	pee
spoon	AtLocation	bowl
insurance	HasProperty	expensive
venus	IsA	planet
kid	HasProperty	play
ball	AtLocation	gym
surface	AtLocation	lake
eraser	AtLocation	pencil
water	AtLocation	cactus
enjoy	InheritsFrom	entertain
murder	IsA	evil
pepsi	IsA	soft drink
swim	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
mandible	PartOf	jaw
fetus	AtLocation	womb
earthquake	IsA	natural disaster
poison	UsedFor	kill
rest	HasPrerequisite	lie down
jog	UsedFor	exercise
duck	PartOf	animal
pan	UsedFor	fry
box	UsedFor	pack
furniture	AtLocation	store
ice	HasProperty	melt
couch	SymbolOf	nap
mole	IsA	animal
rose	PartOf	flower
globe	IsA	ball
alcohol	AtLocation	beer
lie	UsedFor	deception
chin	PartOf	face
pop	IsA	music
talk	HasPrerequisite	mouth
television	UsedFor	watch
storm	AtLocation	tropic
stapler	AtLocation	desk
traffic light	AtLocation	crossroad
flower	CapableOf	wither
train	IsA	transportation
poison	CapableOf	kill
cash	AtLocation	bank
kangaroo	AtLocation	zoo
scientist	AtLocation	laboratory
bride	AtLocation	wed
rocket	AtLocation	outer space
sunscreen	AtLocation	beach
fresh	IsA	smell
vacuum	AtLocation	space
sand	AtLocation	concrete
electron	IsA	particle
metal	HasProperty	hard
clay	ReceivesAction	mold
frisbee	HasProperty	fun
room	AtLocation	house
page	PartOf	book
motorcycle	UsedFor	transportation
sofa	UsedFor	sleep
fire	UsedFor	cook
triangle	IsA	figure
lily	IsA	flower
calendar	AtLocation	wall
bassoon	AtLocation	band
automobile	AtLocation	road
banker	UsedFor	bank
computer	UsedFor	print
bedroom	IsA	room
airplane	AtLocation	sky
person	HasProperty	good
bishop	UsedFor	religion
roller coaster	AtLocation	carnival
altar	AtLocation	temple
wife	AtLocation	house
finger	CapableOf	point
wash	LocationOfAction	bathroom
animal	UsedFor	pet
hummingbird	IsA	bird
brother	HasProperty	male
crocodile	IsA	reptile
watch	IsA	clock
boy	HasProperty	male
russian	IsA	language
arithmetic	IsA	math
tire	CausesDesire	sleep
sister	AtLocation	family
computer	HasPrerequisite	electricity
christian	CapableOf	repent
horse	AtLocation	western
diamond	IsA	crystal
duck	AtLocation	bathtub
book	UsedFor	learn
sound	IsA	wave
ocean	HasA	tide
donut	AtLocation	bakery
mascara	IsA	makeup
card	AtLocation	deck
witch	HasProperty	pagan
wombat	IsA	marsupial
blue	IsA	mood
boat	UsedFor	fish
cook	HasPrerequisite	ingredient
beaver	AtLocation	lodge
mail	AtLocation	post office
fridge	AtLocation	kitchen
dog	AtLocation	park
chocolate	CapableOf	melt
sock	AtLocation	shoe
dog	HasProperty	faithful
salt	AtLocation	ocean
eye	UsedFor	look
water	AtLocation	fog
feces	AtLocation	sewer
corn	AtLocation	acre
drink	HasLastSubevent	swallow
study	HasPrerequisite	procrastinate
rhinoceros	IsA	animal
triangle	IsA	instrument
science	IsA	art
wool	IsA	fabric
harp	IsA	instrument
soldier	UsedFor	combat
trombone	IsA	wind instrument
slave	UsedFor	work
bee	CapableOf	buzz
turkey	IsA	food
cookie	AtLocation	jar
sex	Causes	pregnancy
leaf	UsedFor	photosynthesis
murder	Causes	trial
sunny	IsA	weather
toilet paper	AtLocation	bathroom
key	UsedFor	unlock
lenin	HasProperty	communist
friction	Causes	heat
movie	UsedFor	entertain
type	Causes	text
solar	IsA	energy
mother	CapableOf	worry
rubber band	IsA	stretchy
circus	SymbolOf	clown
ball	AtLocation	sack
challenge	CausesDesire	compete
kitten	AtLocation	cat
cake	UsedFor	decorate
new york	IsA	city
game	IsA	fun
creature	AtLocation	black lagoon
smoke	HasSubevent	cough
brewery	IsA	factory
copper	IsA	element
energy	MadeOf	electron
hotel	UsedFor	sleep
chimney	AtLocation	roof
goldfish	NotMadeOf	gold
wrestle	HasPrerequisite	strength
closet	AtLocation	bedroom
shotgun	UsedFor	hunt
study	Causes	knowledge
penny	IsA	coin
magic	UsedFor	fun
car	HasProperty	dangerous
sinner	AtLocation	confession
play	HasSubevent	laugh
amphibian	HasProperty	slimy
fortune teller	AtLocation	fair
magazine	HasA	article
data	AtLocation	database
gambler	Desires	win
spear	UsedFor	hunt
letter	IsA	symbol
machine	UsedFor	manufacture
water	CapableOf	flow
advertise	AtLocation	newspaper
sex	HasProperty	fun
ignorance	Causes	bliss
conservative	HasProperty	right-wing
person	HasProperty	selfish
basin	PartOf	sink
dress	IsA	skirt
injury	CapableOf	hurt
checkbook	HasA	check
government	AtLocation	country
emotion	IsA	feel
luggage	AtLocation	trunk
cafeteria	AtLocation	school
denim	UsedFor	jean
automobile	UsedFor	travel
fire	CapableOf	burn
trumpet	IsA	wind instrument
birthday	HasProperty	fun
soap	AtLocation	shower
ford	IsA	company
cockroach	IsA	insect
sunset	HasProperty	pretty
retire	AtLocation	florida
colon	PartOf	organ
oasis	AtLocation	desert
everything	AtLocation	universe
frog	CapableOf	jump
chocolate	IsA	ice cream
moon	NotMadeOf	cheese
tree	HasProperty	green
army	AtLocation	fort
couch	NotIsA	bed
produce	AtLocation	market
bat	UsedFor	fly
math	IsA	subject
verb	PartOf	sentence
pumpkin	HasProperty	orange
cloud	AtLocation	sky
work	AtLocation	school
viola	AtLocation	orchestra
neuron	PartOf	brain
memory	PartOf	computer
adult	IsA	person
crop	IsA	plant
zebra	AtLocation	zoo
someone	AtLocation	vague
ornament	AtLocation	christmas tree
foot	AtLocation	yard
towel	AtLocation	hotel
garden	CapableOf	grow
bazaar	IsA	marketplace
water	IsA	molecule
sing	Causes	happiness
bell	HasProperty	loud
three	IsA	number
thumb	PartOf	hand
smile	Causes	happiness
music	MadeOf	guitar
water	CapableOf	freeze
paint	IsA	picture
ranch	AtLocation	countryside
wall	HasProperty	vertical
knife	AtLocation	pocket
thc	AtLocation	cannabis
murder	IsA	crime
adventure	HasProperty	thrill
bunny	Desires	hop
feel	HasProperty	fuzzy
point	HasProperty	sharp
outer space	AtLocation	space
shore	AtLocation	beach
mast	PartOf	sailboat
reproduce	Causes	offspring
sea	HasProperty	wet
caboose	PartOf	train
grammar	NotHasProperty	correct
rice	HasProperty	white
government	NotDesires	revolution
shoe	AtLocation	foot
tax	ReceivesAction	pay
cushion	AtLocation	sofa
food	AtLocation	stomach
clock	UsedFor	keep time
jealousy	IsA	emotion
yarn	UsedFor	crochet
island	AtLocation	pacific
flower	HasProperty	fragrant
slavery	HasProperty	bad
dust	AtLocation	shelf
tea	AtLocation	cupboard
pepper	IsA	condiment
jog	UsedFor	health
dust	AtLocation	carpet
school	UsedFor	education
explosive	UsedFor	war
tofu	MadeOf	bean
project	IsA	task
earth	HasProperty	spherical
tree	MadeOf	wood
dress	IsA	put on
astronomy	IsA	science
hay	AtLocation	stable
stepladder	IsA	ladder
front door	HasA	doorbell
land	AtLocation	earth
sand	AtLocation	desert
mailbox	HasA	mail
shoe	UsedFor	run
water	AtLocation	waterfall
water	NotCapableOf	melt
handle	PartOf	axe
abortion	AtLocation	clinic
woman	IsA	mother
gorilla	PartOf	animal
thirty	IsA	number
beach	HasProperty	sandy
interior	HasProperty	inside
radius	PartOf	arm
chocolate	HasProperty	brown
lung	PartOf	body
servant	UsedFor	serve
meteorite	IsA	stone
black hole	AtLocation	universe
bread	AtLocation	sandwich
table	AtLocation	corner
softball	IsA	sport
belief	AtLocation	church
shirt	HasA	button
bagel	IsA	bread
ride	AtLocation	fair
asleep	HasSubevent	dream
dice	HasProperty	random
lightning	HasProperty	electric
father	IsA	parent
live	HasPrerequisite	breathe
skin	CapableOf	burn
backyard	AtLocation	house
steam	IsA	cook
talk	UsedFor	speech
jog	HasSubevent	run
idea	AtLocation	brain
marriage	IsA	union
tractor	HasProperty	yellow
ax	HasProperty	sharp
closet	AtLocation	room
run	Causes	sweat
oil	IsA	fuel
screw	UsedFor	turn
curtain	AtLocation	theater
seahorse	AtLocation	ocean
kayak	IsA	boat
plaid	IsA	pattern
roller skate	IsA	skate
zero	IsA	number
daughter	PartOf	family
tree	HasA	sap
alcohol	UsedFor	drink
bedroom	AtLocation	pillow
outer space	IsA	vacuum
calculator	UsedFor	calculation
whisky	UsedFor	drink
shellfish	AtLocation	sea
gardener	AtLocation	garden
ball	UsedFor	bowl
appliance	AtLocation	kitchen
usa	IsA	country
mustard	AtLocation	jar
aluminum	IsA	metal
string	IsA	musical instrument
sardine	IsA	fish
nail	MadeOf	metal
cardboard	ReceivesAction	recycle
girl	IsA	child
projector	AtLocation	movie
boat	UsedFor	fun
baby	CapableOf	giggle
stapler	AtLocation	work
freeway	HasProperty	busy
music	CausesDesire	dance
learn	InheritsFrom	knowledge
ink	AtLocation	squid
skyscraper	AtLocation	city
stalagmite	AtLocation	cavern
home	HasProperty	comfy
bee	Desires	flower
whiskey	IsA	liquor
green	IsA	color
language	UsedFor	communication
sphinx	AtLocation	egypt
bird	HasProperty	fly
quiet	AtLocation	library
gong	AtLocation	china
transmission	PartOf	automobile
pencil	AtLocation	desktop
mexico	IsA	country
cotton candy	AtLocation	carnival
education	AtLocation	university
corpse	AtLocation	funeral
holland	PartOf	europe
kite	AtLocation	air
orchid	IsA	flower
oyster	AtLocation	ocean
run	HasProperty	fast
cheese	CreatedBy	milk
horn	UsedFor	honk
storm	AtLocation	sea
dog	AtLocation	leash
miner	AtLocation	underground
singer	CapableOf	sing
handshake	Causes	deal
leader	UsedFor	lead
k	PartOf	alphabet
disagree	HasSubevent	debate
humor	CausesDesire	laugh
rock	IsA	stone
ash	AtLocation	ashtray
world	AtLocation	universe
it	IsA	something
rose	HasA	thorn
sushi	HasProperty	delicious
uranus	AtLocation	space
destroyer	CapableOf	destroy
honey	AtLocation	beehive
colour	IsA	color
space	HasProperty	limitless
breathe	HasPrerequisite	inhale
law	IsA	rule
pit	AtLocation	peach
christianity	IsA	religion
driveway	UsedFor	car
australia	IsA	country
radio	UsedFor	music
temple	SymbolOf	thailand
bicycle	HasA	brake
sand	HasProperty	gritty
line	UsedFor	geometry
tornado	IsA	weather
pill	UsedFor	headache
smoke	CreatedBy	fire
beaver	IsA	mammal
roll	IsA	pastry
saloon	UsedFor	drink
ice cream	IsA	desert
freedom	HasPrerequisite	liberty
food	HasProperty	yummy
bedroom	PartOf	house
saxophone	IsA	instrument
phone	UsedFor	communicate
outfit	MadeOf	clothe
corporation	IsA	company
study	Causes	learn
mansion	IsA	house
cargo	AtLocation	ship
volleyball	AtLocation	beach
driveway	AtLocation	car
limousine	IsA	automobile
queen	UsedFor	rule
guinea pig	IsA	rodent
plant	AtLocation	garden
horse	IsA	animal
dishwasher	IsA	machine
rock	AtLocation	chair
breathe	MotivatedByGoal	air
dog	NotCapableOf	speak
cigarette	CreatedBy	tobacco
hate	Causes	violence
stage	UsedFor	play
cow	AtLocation	grass
cat	NotIsA	dog
clog	AtLocation	drain
rod	IsA	pole
pulpit	UsedFor	preacher
blood	HasProperty	red
axe	IsA	tool
banana	UsedFor	eat
food	AtLocation	plate
vase	AtLocation	table
mouth	UsedFor	eat
car	PartOf	train
burger	IsA	fast food
deception	HasProperty	bad
build	InheritsFrom	house
coast	AtLocation	california
city	ReceivesAction	pollute
soup	IsA	food
child	CapableOf	cry
uncle	AtLocation	family
person	IsA	human
pilot	AtLocation	airplane
volcano	HasProperty	hot
priest	CapableOf	pray
flirt	HasSubevent	blush
ocean	UsedFor	swim
grapefruit	HasProperty	bitter
love	PartOf	live
trombone	UsedFor	music
ocean	HasProperty	deep
flower	HasProperty	pretty
pigeon	IsA	bird
class	PartOf	school
shirt	UsedFor	cover
penis	CreatedBy	vagina
toe	PartOf	foot
shuffle	IsA	dance
tap	AtLocation	bathroom
wall	AtLocation	house
bullet	UsedFor	wound
freeway	UsedFor	car
sashimi	IsA	raw fish
slave	UsedFor	labor
door	HasA	handle
kitten	DefinedAs	baby cat
turkey	IsA	bird
party	IsA	dress up
polyester	IsA	fabric
foot	AtLocation	shoe
wire	AtLocation	spool
oval	HasProperty	round
algae	AtLocation	water
knowledge	AtLocation	book
denim	IsA	fabric
iris	IsA	flower
soda	HasProperty	sweet
bathe	HasPrerequisite	water
puppy	HasProperty	cute
jar	IsA	container
tenant	AtLocation	apartment
mouth	UsedFor	talk
england	HasA	queen
coca-cola	IsA	soft drink
passion	UsedFor	romance
bikini	IsA	swimsuit
cardinal	IsA	bishop
carbon dioxide	IsA	greenhouse gas
shower	PartOf	bathroom
professor	AtLocation	laboratory
flask	IsA	container
olympics	RelatedTo	medal
product	ReceivesAction	manufacture
lake	UsedFor	fish
water	MadeOf	h2o
bay	UsedFor	watch
dance	HasProperty	fun
cranberry	IsA	fruit
mexico	PartOf	north america
arena	IsA	area
bean	AtLocation	can
fingernail	PartOf	hand
virus	Causes	infection
hatchet	IsA	ax
doctor	HasA	specialty
wind	MadeOf	air
ball	UsedFor	bounce
epistemology	PartOf	philosophy
coin	IsA	money
damage	RelatedTo	break
future	HasProperty	predict
wine	AtLocation	bottle
anime	IsA	cartoon
doorway	AtLocation	room
king	HasProperty	royal
turtle	IsA	reptile
cable	AtLocation	computer
music	AtLocation	cd
watermelon	IsA	fruit
deck	IsA	shuffle
cow	AtLocation	barn
cigarette	UsedFor	smoke
ski	HasSubevent	fall
catfish	AtLocation	river
speed	Causes	ticket
someone	CapableOf	love
root	PartOf	tree
meteor	AtLocation	space
theatre	UsedFor	event
water	AtLocation	drown
something	AtLocation	someone
ocean	MadeOf	water
linen	IsA	fabric
sale	AtLocation	store
tiger	IsA	carnivore
water	UsedFor	wash
shaft	PartOf	arrow
fruit	HasA	sugar
tree	UsedFor	shade
gambler	AtLocation	casino
dart	ReceivesAction	throw
water	AtLocation	stream
storage	AtLocation	locker
groundhog	IsA	mammal
laugh	IsA	fun
space shuttle	MadeOf	ceramic
month	PartOf	year
penny	MadeOf	copper
terminal	AtLocation	airport
oboe	IsA	instrument
pray	HasSubevent	kneel
road	UsedFor	traveler
cheetah	IsA	cat
sheet	HasProperty	white
baby	CapableOf	nurse
credit card	UsedFor	charge
cougar	IsA	animal
water	AtLocation	spurt
health	HasProperty	important
live	Causes	life
maid	AtLocation	hotel
coal	AtLocation	mine
jewelry	HasProperty	expensive
performance	UsedFor	art
smirnoff	IsA	vodka
tea	IsA	drink
exercise	HasSubevent	perspire
tobacco	HasProperty	addictive
peacock	IsA	bird
book	AtLocation	bookshop
alphabet	IsA	letter
cheetah	PartOf	animal
curtain	AtLocation	window
casket	AtLocation	funeral
bathroom	HasA	toilet
wheel	PartOf	skateboard
paper	ReceivesAction	read
magazine	MadeOf	paper
mast	UsedFor	sail
teacher	Desires	attention
cellphone	UsedFor	communication
liquid	CapableOf	flow
body	HasA	organ
metal	HasProperty	shiny
butter	ReceivesAction	spread
coffee	HasProperty	hot
door	ReceivesAction	close
yam	IsA	vegetable
leather	UsedFor	whip
swimmer	AtLocation	beach
sound	AtLocation	song
dessert	IsA	food
vinegar	UsedFor	clean
worm	IsA	insect
voice	UsedFor	shout
elevator	AtLocation	hotel
baseball	HasProperty	hard
fireman	HasProperty	sexy
leg	AtLocation	chair
smoke	UsedFor	habit
orange juice	IsA	juice
glucose	IsA	sugar
weird	IsA	strange
food	AtLocation	cupboard
role	AtLocation	play
lead	IsA	metal
dog	HasProperty	cute
yolk	PartOf	egg
paper towel	UsedFor	clean
vote	Causes	election
puppy	HasProperty	love
granite	IsA	stone
laughter	HasProperty	contagious
judaism	IsA	religion
ear	PartOf	head
bicycle	InheritsFrom	car
peach	IsA	fruit
proton	PartOf	nucleus
roofer	AtLocation	roof
tree	PartOf	orchard
oxygen	PartOf	carbon dioxide
spirit	HasProperty	light
gasoline	HasProperty	flammable
activist	AtLocation	demonstration
fleet	PartOf	navy
god	HasProperty	spiritual
censorship	HasProperty	bad
sculpture	AtLocation	museum
mule	AtLocation	grand canyon
mayonnaise	AtLocation	jar
adult	CapableOf	work
water	AtLocation	drench
kiwi	IsA	fruit
ocean	HasA	fish
brother	IsA	sibling
book	UsedFor	resource
school	UsedFor	study
breathe	HasSubevent	inhale
bowl	MadeOf	clay
car	HasA	radio
mormon	AtLocation	utah
shirt	IsA	clothe
murder	Causes	death
im	UsedFor	chat
java	PartOf	indonesia
prince	AtLocation	england
first day of week	IsA	monday
baby	CapableOf	cry
garden	AtLocation	backyard
god	IsA	love
mumps	IsA	disease
glue	HasProperty	sticky
number	AtLocation	calculation
grin	IsA	smile
trip	Causes	fall
gasoline	IsA	fuel
car	HasProperty	expensive
trash	HasProperty	unwanted
airplane	CapableOf	flight
fart	HasPrerequisite	butt
file	AtLocation	drawer
graph	IsA	diagram
expert	AtLocation	field
language	UsedFor	communicate
lion	CapableOf	roar
urge	IsA	desire
string	AtLocation	guitar
trampoline	UsedFor	exercise
ice	CapableOf	melt
cloud	MadeOf	vapor
foundation	PartOf	house
poetry	CapableOf	rhyme
earth	AtLocation	milky way
house	HasA	garden
mast	AtLocation	ship
child	Desires	love
smoker	CapableOf	smoke
leg	UsedFor	walk
crayon	UsedFor	color
stain	AtLocation	rug
crab	AtLocation	sand
girl	HasProperty	female
trash	AtLocation	garage
cracker	IsA	food
moss	AtLocation	tree
auditorium	UsedFor	lecture
sandpaper	HasProperty	abrasive
burrito	IsA	mexican food
snore	Causes	noise
rectangle	IsA	shape
country	AtLocation	continent
organ	IsA	body part
snack	IsA	food
tenor	UsedFor	sing
garbage	AtLocation	trash
bread	CreatedBy	baker
frog	IsA	animal
hamster	IsA	mammal
urinate	HasPrerequisite	bladder
cabinet	PartOf	kitchen
eye	UsedFor	stare
lime	IsA	fruit
radiator	PartOf	car
learn	HasPrerequisite	understand
organ	IsA	musical instrument
tennis	IsA	sport
brick	MadeOf	clay
love	Causes	happiness
dildo	UsedFor	masturbation
glass	DefinedAs	spectacle
weapon	UsedFor	threaten
tyrannosaurus rex	IsA	dinosaur
canoe	IsA	boat
fruit	IsA	food
essay	IsA	text
valley	HasProperty	low
raisin	IsA	fruit
mouse	UsedFor	click
fart	HasProperty	funny
cheese	CapableOf	smell
slug	HasProperty	slow
lie	PartOf	slander
coin	UsedFor	flip
water	AtLocation	swamp
cake	IsA	pastry
bath	AtLocation	bathroom
titanic	InstanceOf	movie
communicate	HasSubevent	misunderstand
rock	AtLocation	moon
country	HasA	border
jazz	IsA	music
coupon	AtLocation	store
leader	UsedFor	follow
character	AtLocation	novel
meat	AtLocation	stew
volleyball	IsA	sport
baboon	IsA	mammal
thunder	HasProperty	loud
planet	IsA	satellite
beaver	AtLocation	forest
bean	IsA	vegetable
sunshine	HasProperty	warm
fire	SymbolOf	passion
bomb	UsedFor	terrorism
fruit	HasA	seed
hospital	HasA	patient
cabinet	HasA	door
butter	AtLocation	bread
snowball	ReceivesAction	throw
flea	AtLocation	cat
seam	PartOf	dress
kitchen	HasA	stove
library	HasA	book
fence	HasPrerequisite	sword
cable	AtLocation	television
islam	IsA	religion
knob	AtLocation	doorway
light	IsA	energy
exercise	Causes	sweat
shark	AtLocation	tank
knob	IsA	control
bishop	AtLocation	cathedral
sculpture	MadeOf	bronze
murderer	AtLocation	prison
s	PartOf	alphabet
wood	AtLocation	boat
ball	UsedFor	roll
tree	HasA	leave
violin	MadeOf	wood
typewriter	IsA	machine
bee	IsA	insect
room	AtLocation	upstairs
yo-yo	IsA	weapon
sky	UsedFor	fly
cinema	UsedFor	entertainment
president	ReceivesAction	elect
truck	AtLocation	road
roof	PartOf	house
den	PartOf	house
mosquito	IsA	insect
man	DesireOf	woman
lie	Causes	guilt
chocolate	UsedFor	eat
spoon	UsedFor	eat
oregon	IsA	state
helium	AtLocation	sun
tile	AtLocation	roof
august	IsA	month
toy	AtLocation	box
fountain	AtLocation	rome
plate	HasProperty	flat
cheese	IsA	mold
clock	CapableOf	tick
pupil	PartOf	eye
fatigue	CausesDesire	sleep
bell	UsedFor	ring
mistake	ReceivesAction	erase
moose	IsA	mammal
geology	IsA	science
write	UsedFor	communicate
bike	UsedFor	transport
tweed	AtLocation	scotland
risk	IsA	board game
kitten	IsA	baby cat
chair	HasA	leg
triangle	UsedFor	music
lyre	IsA	harp
coat	AtLocation	closet
dog	HasProperty	friendly
clue	AtLocation	mystery
person	Desires	moral
someone	AtLocation	friend
hill	UsedFor	climb
lane	UsedFor	bowl
example	HasProperty	similar
hamster	IsA	animal
manhattan	PartOf	new york
african	IsA	continent
tack	HasProperty	sharp
future	HasProperty	uncertain
doe	IsA	female deer
copier	AtLocation	office
coffee	Causes	insomnia
credit card	UsedFor	shop
coffee	HasProperty	refresh
stalactite	AtLocation	cavern
inmate	AtLocation	jail
sunday	IsA	day of rest
weasel	HasProperty	sneaky
disk	HasProperty	round
marijuana	UsedFor	fun
number	ReceivesAction	multiply
saucepan	AtLocation	kitchen
skeleton	AtLocation	closet
church	UsedFor	preach
blue	AtLocation	sky
drown	Causes	death
sun	IsA	set
spoon	UsedFor	stir
poem	IsA	story
day	PartOf	month
laser	IsA	light
star trek	IsA	movie
horse	Desires	play
mouse	AtLocation	house
clarinet	IsA	instrument
book	CreatedBy	writer
caffeine	IsA	stimulant
run	HasPrerequisite	run
light	IsA	particle
groundhog	IsA	animal
pen	UsedFor	draw
asia	InstanceOf	continent
raspberry	IsA	fruit
coffee	AtLocation	cup
sewage	AtLocation	drain
monkey	AtLocation	circus
antler	AtLocation	moose
research	HasPrerequisite	time
computer	RelatedTo	screen
learn	AtLocation	class
trunk	AtLocation	attic
potato	UsedFor	eat
anchovy	IsA	fish
mercury	IsA	liquid
marijuana	HasProperty	legal
rock	HasProperty	rigid
merchant	AtLocation	shop
shampoo	AtLocation	bathroom
hard drive	AtLocation	computer
antler	PartOf	moose
thunder	IsA	sound
poland	IsA	country
walk	IsA	exercise
vehicle	UsedFor	drive
chicken	IsA	animal
furnace	AtLocation	basement
ham	IsA	meat
garbage	AtLocation	landfill
masturbation	Causes	orgasm
mushroom	IsA	fungus
bottle	IsA	container
student	AtLocation	university
wasp	IsA	insect
dish	AtLocation	cupboard
judge	IsA	lawyer
data	IsA	information
listen	MotivatedByGoal	learn
valve	PartOf	trumpet
computer	MadeOf	hardware
toilet	AtLocation	bathroom
lid	PartOf	jar
bone	IsA	breakable
joy	CausesDesire	sing
friend	CausesDesire	talk
kill	Causes	death
person	HasProperty	competitive
student	NotDesires	exam
revolver	HasProperty	dangerous
shade	AtLocation	window
sex	Causes	enjoyment
bug	IsA	insect
bagel	IsA	donut
book	HasProperty	interest
lightning	IsA	electricity
tiger	IsA	animal
phone	UsedFor	talk
barracuda	IsA	fish
run	MotivatedByGoal	go fast
tree	PartOf	forest
garlic	IsA	ingredient
dog	CapableOf	run
earth	HasProperty	round
lion	IsA	carnivore
hippie	HasA	long hair
meatloaf	AtLocation	oven
teaspoon	UsedFor	measure
white	NotIsA	color
boat	UsedFor	travel
shore	LocatedNear	ocean
skull	PartOf	skeleton
knife	UsedFor	cut
airplane	CapableOf	crash
helmet	HasProperty	hard
tree	HasProperty	tall
christmas	SymbolOf	present
toilet paper	AtLocation	toilet
barn	AtLocation	field
pullover	IsA	dress
wind instrument	UsedFor	orchestra
cactus	AtLocation	desert
squirrel	IsA	mammal
bullet	AtLocation	magazine
lawn	AtLocation	yard
surf	HasSubevent	wipe out
paper clip	MadeOf	metal
dog	IsA	animal
tornado	HasProperty	destructive
salad	HasA	shrimp
skull	IsA	bone
wine	HasProperty	tasty
heart	CapableOf	beat
castle	HasProperty	big
lifeguard	AtLocation	beach
garden	AtLocation	park
university	AtLocation	professor
eye	UsedFor	watch
submarine	AtLocation	water
person	HasProperty	unique
surgery	SymbolOf	hospital
planet	HasProperty	round
cheque	AtLocation	bank
friend	AtLocation	you
play	Causes	fun
life	HasPrerequisite	death
hockey	HasProperty	violent
pit	PartOf	peach
floor	AtLocation	carpet
beer	AtLocation	fridge
ball	UsedFor	catch
cake	HasProperty	spongy
kangaroo	UsedFor	jump
meat	HasProperty	red
tortoise	IsA	reptile
advertisement	AtLocation	newspaper
alcohol	UsedFor	intoxication
seat belt	CapableOf	life
blanket	UsedFor	warmth
puppy	IsA	baby
mumps	IsA	illness
ennui	IsA	boredom
spam	AtLocation	internet
pen	HasA	ink
food	AtLocation	restaurant
whale	AtLocation	ocean
actor	IsA	person
chicago	IsA	city
organ	UsedFor	music
dog	Desires	run
textile	AtLocation	factory
summer	HasProperty	hot
u	PartOf	alphabet
student	CapableOf	study
employee	AtLocation	work
woman	ReceivesAction	rape
legend	AtLocation	map
cavity	AtLocation	dentist
psychology	CreatedBy	psychologist
hose	AtLocation	garden
index	UsedFor	reference
water	HasProperty	boil
computer	IsA	machine
vulture	IsA	scavenger
sleep	Causes	snore
joke	Causes	laughter
tub	UsedFor	soak
squirrel	AtLocation	tree
cat	IsA	animal
drink	HasProperty	liquid
room	AtLocation	office
water	InheritsFrom	ocean
land	AtLocation	ocean
speed	HasProperty	relative
republican	IsA	bigot
bill	AtLocation	restaurant
fear	Causes	hate
heroin	HasProperty	addictive
aquarium	UsedFor	fish
mammal	HasA	hair
celebrate	HasSubevent	party
window	HasProperty	transparent
screen	PartOf	monitor
pouch	AtLocation	wallet
kangaroo	SymbolOf	australia
towel	AtLocation	kitchen
algebra	AtLocation	classroom
israel	IsA	country
jug	IsA	container
shell	PartOf	egg
spirit	UsedFor	haunt
peanut butter	IsA	food
horse	HasA	mane
bike	AtLocation	street
fruit	AtLocation	vegetable
universe	HasProperty	large
blender	AtLocation	kitchen
tickle	MotivatedByGoal	laugh
loft	AtLocation	home
carbon dioxide	AtLocation	air
person	InheritsFrom	child
terminator	IsA	movie
level	IsA	tool
lane	IsA	aisle
rest	UsedFor	relax
gin	UsedFor	drink
tweed	IsA	cloth
knit	Causes	scarf
brain	AtLocation	head
elbow	IsA	joint
satchel	IsA	bag
star	CapableOf	supernova
water	AtLocation	saliva
tampon	AtLocation	bathroom
prince	AtLocation	castle
boy	HasA	penis
door	PartOf	house
asparagus	IsA	vegetable
mortar	IsA	weapon
computer	UsedFor	program
orion	IsA	constellation
antler	AtLocation	elk
airplane	UsedFor	fly
draw	CreatedBy	artist
dust	AtLocation	attic
bird	HasA	feather
sun	Desires	shine
latex	IsA	paint
son	IsA	male
space	IsA	area
dollar	IsA	currency
room	HasA	furniture
pier	AtLocation	beach
orange juice	UsedFor	drink
beam	AtLocation	roof
pate	HasA	liver
lubrication	MadeOf	oil
atmosphere	IsA	gas
flirt	CapableOf	flirt
world	PartOf	universe
sex	HasProperty	dirty
person	HasA	name
bathroom	AtLocation	toothpaste
cannonball	AtLocation	cannon
tobacco	HasA	nicotine
salad	HasPrerequisite	lettuce
water	AtLocation	hose
marsupial	IsA	mammal
sock	MadeOf	wool
hello	IsA	greet
bank	HasA	insurance
geometry	AtLocation	school
eiffel tower	AtLocation	paris
write	UsedFor	communication
corn	IsA	grain
relax	HasSubevent	read
chalk	AtLocation	classroom
fear	IsA	emotion
bicycle	HasA	chain
garbage	UsedFor	throw away
computer	PartOf	network
crust	PartOf	pizza
wife	UsedFor	love
vegetarian	NotDesires	meat
clam	IsA	mollusk
diamond	IsA	jewel
jean	IsA	fabric
travel	HasFirstSubevent	pack
child	Desires	toy
television	IsA	tv
hummingbird	CapableOf	hover
antique	HasProperty	old
antiseptic	IsA	medicine
eat	HasPrerequisite	chew
medicine	AtLocation	hospital
cave	AtLocation	limestone
tank	IsA	weapon
tank	MadeOf	metal
zit	IsA	pimple
student	CapableOf	work
reporter	CapableOf	report
uranium	UsedFor	nuclear power
run	UsedFor	fun
sex	ReceivesAction	enjoyable
handle	PartOf	shovel
ferret	IsA	animal
airplane	HasA	wing
wave	PartOf	ocean
porn	CausesDesire	masturbate
camera	HasA	flash
vent	AtLocation	roof
dish	ReceivesAction	serve
plate	AtLocation	cupboard
animal	Desires	live
judge	Desires	order
steak	HasProperty	eat
ecology	IsA	science
dog	IsA	canine
cruelty	HasProperty	bad
read	HasSubevent	learn
barn	AtLocation	horse
sausage	UsedFor	food
read	HasSubevent	think
sneaker	IsA	shoe
olive	AtLocation	pizza
boy	IsA	male
alamo	PartOf	texas
outdoors	HasProperty	beautiful
cd	IsA	disc
wife	HasProperty	female
flower	PartOf	bush
goldfish	IsA	fish
astronaut	AtLocation	outer space
yarn	CausesDesire	knit
read	MotivatedByGoal	learn
chocolate	HasProperty	delicious
cheese	HasProperty	delicious
window	HasProperty	clear
silverware	MadeOf	metal
perform	HasPrerequisite	talent
attic	PartOf	house
milk	AtLocation	fridge
marriage	UsedFor	companionship
website	ReceivesAction	browse
asteroid	AtLocation	space
kiss	HasPrerequisite	lip
grass	AtLocation	garden
metal	AtLocation	ore
student	NotDesires	teacher
wave	PartOf	sound
judo	IsA	sport
australia	IsA	island
tie-dye	HasPrerequisite	dye
tiredness	CausesDesire	sleep
bassoon	IsA	instrument
music	ReceivesAction	compose
class	AtLocation	school
liquid	AtLocation	cup
native american	SymbolOf	reservation
jeep	IsA	truck
bedroom	UsedFor	privacy
think	MotivatedByGoal	understand
atheism	NotIsA	religion
honey	AtLocation	jar
silver	AtLocation	mine
politician	HasProperty	corrupt
fedora	IsA	hat
rain	HasProperty	water
dog	CapableOf	walk
card	UsedFor	birthday
einstein	InstanceOf	genius
count	HasPrerequisite	number
father	PartOf	family
corn	IsA	plant
explosive	UsedFor	blast
meditation	HasProperty	relax
tar	HasProperty	sticky
kiss	UsedFor	foreplay
preacher	CapableOf	preach
earth	HasA	surface
wood	AtLocation	house
c	IsA	letter
satin	IsA	fabric
button	IsA	fasten
udder	PartOf	cow
ink	UsedFor	mark
mail	IsA	communication
nothing	HasProperty	useless
lens	AtLocation	telescope
television	HasProperty	entertain
room	HasA	door
chemistry	IsA	science
climb	HasSubevent	fall
school	UsedFor	child
hospital	UsedFor	surgery
paper	AtLocation	draw
secretary	HasA	boss
boy	AtLocation	scout
eat	HasSubevent	burp
blue	HasPrerequisite	light
canada	IsA	country
orgasm	HasProperty	good
textbook	UsedFor	student
read	Causes	understand
theory	ReceivesAction	prove
water	IsA	chemical
air	AtLocation	sky
rest	Causes	relaxation
desk	AtLocation	office
sea	HasProperty	wide
champagne	IsA	wine
salmon	IsA	food
movie star	HasProperty	famous
oxygen	AtLocation	air
hair	AtLocation	drain
land	PartOf	earth
dream	HasPrerequisite	sleep
bag	MadeOf	leather
cue	UsedFor	billiards
troll	IsA	monster
boot	HasA	heel
revolver	IsA	gun
rugby	IsA	sport
sunset	HasProperty	red
sex	Causes	relaxation
movie	HasProperty	entertain
loft	AtLocation	city
projectile	AtLocation	weapon
popcorn	AtLocation	movie
fawn	IsA	deer
green	SymbolOf	inexperience
stage	UsedFor	performance
satan	DefinedAs	devil
hawk	IsA	bird
celery	IsA	vegetable
ocean	HasA	salt
ask	Causes	answer
daffodil	IsA	flower
website	AtLocation	internet
god	PartOf	religion
stone	AtLocation	bridge
cookie	AtLocation	dessert
show	UsedFor	entertain
friend	CapableOf	talk
hope	AtLocation	despair
prison	UsedFor	punishment
tree	UsedFor	wood
clothe	UsedFor	wear
fraud	HasProperty	bad
spectacle	IsA	glass
beer	UsedFor	drink
vault	AtLocation	bank
crab	IsA	seafood
information	AtLocation	television
lie	HasProperty	false
steel	HasA	iron
paint	HasProperty	colour
spaghetti	IsA	pasta
horse	UsedFor	race
rodent	IsA	mammal
fork	HasA	tine
water	UsedFor	drown
terrorist	HasProperty	fear
food	AtLocation	cellar
write	MotivatedByGoal	communicate
plant	HasA	root
scale	SymbolOf	justice
hi	IsA	greet
steak	UsedFor	eat
fish	AtLocation	market
piston	PartOf	engine
handgun	IsA	weapon
water	AtLocation	steam
diamond	IsA	shape
fart	UsedFor	laugh
runner	CapableOf	run
aspirin	IsA	medicine
horn	UsedFor	toot
polar bear	AtLocation	zoo
french horn	IsA	brass instrument
system	AtLocation	computer
gas	DefinedAs	gasoline
candy	HasProperty	sweet
granite	HasProperty	hard
bread	IsA	food
green	IsA	colour
apple	HasProperty	crisp
flask	AtLocation	laboratory
kiss	HasSubevent	embrace
closet	HasA	door
barbecue	UsedFor	dinner
run	HasPrerequisite	walk
chalkboard	AtLocation	school
dragonfly	IsA	insect
home	IsA	house
plastic	IsA	material
silverware	AtLocation	table
boot	IsA	cover
happiness	IsA	state of mind
shop	HasSubevent	purchase
lever	PartOf	machine
chime	IsA	bell
meat	UsedFor	meal
clarinet	AtLocation	band
lesson	AtLocation	school
crime	HasProperty	dangerous
gopher	IsA	rodent
movie	AtLocation	theatre
frisbee	UsedFor	catch
metal	AtLocation	knife
money	AtLocation	purse
catfish	IsA	fish
alaska	IsA	state
work	HasPrerequisite	concentration
animal	PartOf	ecosystem
ice cream	IsA	dessert
weed	AtLocation	lawn
bug	CapableOf	fly
medal	MadeOf	metal
church	AtLocation	community
cabinet	AtLocation	office
spit	Causes	disgust
garden	HasA	flower
room	PartOf	house
sleep	Causes	nightmare
penguin	IsA	animal
stool	AtLocation	bar
knife	AtLocation	kitchen
diver	AtLocation	water
cake	UsedFor	birthday
reproduce	Causes	child
fist	UsedFor	punch
shell	AtLocation	shore
tickle	UsedFor	play
bell	ReceivesAction	rung
prisoner	AtLocation	jail
sprite	IsA	soft drink
fox	IsA	animal
instrument	UsedFor	music
beauty	AtLocation	waterfall
staple	AtLocation	pantry
skateboard	IsA	sport
think	HasPrerequisite	brain
passage	IsA	hallway
bomb	AtLocation	bomber
paper	AtLocation	shelf
fireplace	HasProperty	hot
washcloth	AtLocation	bathroom
finch	IsA	bird
fairy tale	IsA	book
mirror	AtLocation	wall
teenager	AtLocation	high school
lawn	IsA	grass
jewelry	HasProperty	pretty
light	CapableOf	illuminate
bmw	IsA	car
towel	UsedFor	clean
bar	UsedFor	drink
apple pie	IsA	dessert
crossroad	AtLocation	countryside
eel	AtLocation	water
cornbread	IsA	food
dream	HasSubevent	sleep
lizard	HasA	scale
shark	AtLocation	ocean
window	ReceivesAction	close
swim	HasSubevent	stroke
fly	IsA	insect
sister	IsA	relative
walk	HasPrerequisite	stand
shop	IsA	store
potato	UsedFor	cook
clerk	AtLocation	store
nature	DefinedAs	environment
cushion	PartOf	sofa
weapon	HasProperty	destructive
bathroom	UsedFor	pee
picture	PartOf	book
kelp	AtLocation	ocean
saw	HasA	tooth
bus	UsedFor	travel
boat	CapableOf	sink
gold	HasProperty	rare
pebble	IsA	stone
oregon	PartOf	northwest
relax	MotivatedByGoal	rest
card	UsedFor	christmas
fingernail	UsedFor	scratch
fingernail	ReceivesAction	paint
mastercard	IsA	credit card
handle	AtLocation	door
steak	AtLocation	house
sport	HasProperty	fun
anecdote	AtLocation	story
vessel	IsA	container
kettle	HasA	water
party	HasProperty	fun
hate	Causes	war
processor	PartOf	computer
gate	IsA	entrance
book	ReceivesAction	write
dna	IsA	molecule
microscope	AtLocation	laboratory
cock	HasProperty	penis
train	AtLocation	station
breathe	HasPrerequisite	exhale
square	IsA	shape
pot of gold	AtLocation	rainbow
toilet	UsedFor	urinate
avenue	IsA	street
sheep	CapableOf	graze
rifle	UsedFor	shoot
assignment	AtLocation	work
procreate	HasSubevent	sex
act	PartOf	play
baby	NotCapableOf	talk
lobster	AtLocation	ocean
emu	IsA	bird
water	AtLocation	seaside
movie star	AtLocation	movie
lizard	HasA	tail
detergent	UsedFor	laundry
england	PartOf	great britain
lemon	HasProperty	sour
orange	ReceivesAction	squeeze
musician	AtLocation	orchestra
water	HasProperty	transparent
banjo	HasA	string
cat	HasA	whisker
anion	IsA	ion
listen	Causes	hear
tile	UsedFor	bathroom
ice cream	CapableOf	melt
gem	IsA	stone
ice	MadeOf	water
beer	AtLocation	bar
book	UsedFor	teach
train	AtLocation	track
priest	CapableOf	bless
child	HasA	parent
brother	IsA	relative
water	CapableOf	evaporate
work	HasPrerequisite	energy
pan	UsedFor	cook
music	IsA	art
spy	Desires	snoop
church	UsedFor	god
dog	AtLocation	vet
bear	IsA	animal
pebble	AtLocation	gravel
carpet	AtLocation	bedroom
swimmer	AtLocation	pool
sea	HasProperty	salty
alligator	IsA	reptile
roll	AtLocation	dinner
rain	Causes	flood
runway	UsedFor	travel
chapel	UsedFor	god
chemical	HasProperty	toxic
water	AtLocation	ocean
motorway	UsedFor	drive
yen	IsA	currency
jewelry	HasProperty	valuable
kill	HasPrerequisite	weapon
pot	UsedFor	cook
intimacy	AtLocation	marriage
compost	AtLocation	garden
elbow	PartOf	arm
rose	HasProperty	romantic
break	HasSubevent	rest
creek	AtLocation	forest
ocean	CausesDesire	surf
ball	UsedFor	kick
cobra	IsA	snake
snake	HasProperty	poisonous
board	MadeOf	wood
film	UsedFor	movie
water	AtLocation	spray
fungus	AtLocation	toenail
salt	IsA	mineral
pitcher	IsA	container
chimpanzee	AtLocation	zoo
stem	PartOf	apple
science fiction	IsA	book
qwerty	IsA	keyboard
latin	IsA	language
human	HasA	brain
information	PartOf	book
voyage	UsedFor	travel
cat	HasProperty	cute
floor	AtLocation	house
knowledge	IsA	power
wedding	IsA	party
letter	UsedFor	communicate
abstract	IsA	summary
sausage	AtLocation	pizza
basil	IsA	herb
cherub	IsA	angel
worm	AtLocation	soil
beer	AtLocation	brewery
skate	IsA	fish
communicate	HasSubevent	talk
copper	IsA	metal
ribbon	HasProperty	yellow
drink	Causes	intoxication
seaweed	AtLocation	water
honesty	PartOf	integrity
new york	IsA	place
flower	AtLocation	vase
marriage	IsA	tradition
flight attendant	AtLocation	plane
earth	AtLocation	solar system
monitor	AtLocation	desktop
wire	PartOf	tv
pearl	AtLocation	oyster
vise	IsA	clamp
lip	UsedFor	kiss
murder	IsA	felony
ice	CapableOf	chill
spanish	IsA	language
world	NotHasProperty	round
meat	HasA	protein
hot	NotHasProperty	cold
flea	IsA	parasite
airplane	IsA	machine
audience	AtLocation	show
kite	AtLocation	sky
canadian	AtLocation	canada
airplane	CapableOf	take off
crab	AtLocation	sea
bullet	AtLocation	war
paint	HasPrerequisite	brush
horse	HasProperty	big
sheep	IsA	animal
alcohol	IsA	liquid
maine	IsA	place
swedish	IsA	language
uranus	IsA	planet
goat	AtLocation	farm
food	UsedFor	sustenance
microwave	AtLocation	kitchen
oil	UsedFor	energy
sport	IsA	game
grapefruit	IsA	fruit
apple	HasProperty	round
wheel	UsedFor	car
faith	CausesDesire	pray
mustard	AtLocation	hot dog
plane	AtLocation	air
remote control	AtLocation	tv
curl	PartOf	wave
twenty	IsA	number
moose	IsA	deer
play	UsedFor	child
ink	UsedFor	dye
child	HasProperty	small
index	PartOf	book
nose	PartOf	head
bed	AtLocation	hospital
exercise	HasSubevent	pain
bus	IsA	car
salt	UsedFor	flavor
keyboard	AtLocation	piano
toilet paper	UsedFor	bathroom
toenail	PartOf	toe
fireplace	AtLocation	cabin
footprint	AtLocation	moon
meat	HasProperty	dead
cheater	CapableOf	prosper
idea	CausesDesire	invent
land	UsedFor	farm
opera	IsA	sing
aunt	PartOf	relative
hair	ReceivesAction	comb
carrot	HasProperty	orange
swim	HasSubevent	drown
actor	AtLocation	theater
sock	AtLocation	drawer
snow	AtLocation	mountain
phone	UsedFor	communication
kangaroo	CapableOf	jump
butter	MadeOf	milk
fire	AtLocation	fireplace
darkness	Causes	fear
wheel	PartOf	wagon
pope	HasProperty	catholic
water	AtLocation	bucket
environment	AtLocation	ecology
vegetable	HasProperty	green
bat	IsA	mammal
statue	AtLocation	museum
titanic	InstanceOf	film
ostrich	IsA	animal
castle	AtLocation	england
pear	IsA	fruit
relax	HasSubevent	sleep
comforter	IsA	blanket
ledge	PartOf	cliff
sofa	HasProperty	comfortable
dance	HasSubevent	move
sea	UsedFor	sail
calculator	UsedFor	calculate
snowboard	IsA	sport
coffee	SymbolOf	caffeine
dust	AtLocation	desert
mouse	AtLocation	desktop
baritone	IsA	singer
fruit	AtLocation	orchard
lion	PartOf	animal
faith	AtLocation	church
sewer	AtLocation	street
mother	CapableOf	scold
water	AtLocation	sink
fast	Causes	hunger
work	UsedFor	produce
crab	AtLocation	ocean
wool	AtLocation	shirt
skeleton	AtLocation	museum
bed	AtLocation	loft
wax	ReceivesAction	melt
pilot	AtLocation	cockpit
nut	UsedFor	bolt
brain	CapableOf	think
voice	UsedFor	talk
tree	HasA	trunk
book	HasA	story
mind	UsedFor	think
channel	PartOf	tv
damn	AtLocation	hell
bridge	MadeOf	steel
button	AtLocation	shirt
egg	UsedFor	eat
sickness	Causes	suffer
sit	HasProperty	stand
hawaii	IsA	island
pound	IsA	currency
mouse	IsA	mammal
leftover	IsA	food
spirit	UsedFor	drink
vacation	HasProperty	fun
water	AtLocation	brine
walker	CapableOf	walk
catfish	UsedFor	eat
homeless	AtLocation	bridge
partridge	IsA	bird
bird	Desires	fly
horseshoe	IsA	game
book	AtLocation	store
steak	InheritsFrom	food
sport	UsedFor	fun
knob	ReceivesAction	turn
pot	MadeOf	clay
cradle	IsA	bed
bat	HasA	wing
friend	UsedFor	confide
credit card	AtLocation	wallet
communicate	HasPrerequisite	listen
arsenic	HasProperty	poisonous
pork	IsA	meat
tire	HasProperty	black
train	HasProperty	noisy
food	HasProperty	unhealthy
wallpaper	AtLocation	desktop
trunk	UsedFor	storage
hunger	Causes	starvation
steak	MadeOf	beef
travel	UsedFor	explore
north america	IsA	continent
helicopter	AtLocation	sky
pedophile	AtLocation	clergy
phantom	AtLocation	opera
sweden	IsA	country
procreate	UsedFor	sex
sky	DefinedAs	limit
hydrogen	IsA	element
house	HasA	roof
cricket	IsA	sport
rapist	AtLocation	jail
forest	PartOf	nature
jean	UsedFor	wear
jupiter	IsA	planet
jewelry	HasProperty	gaudy
pig	AtLocation	pen
test	AtLocation	school
space shuttle	AtLocation	orbit
field	AtLocation	meadow
monarchy	IsA	government
book	HasA	sentence
radish	IsA	vegetable
corn	AtLocation	iowa
house	HasProperty	expensive
language	HasA	word
lark	IsA	bird
period	PartOf	punctuation
dictator	Desires	power
teapot	HasA	spout
ball	IsA	dance
trout	UsedFor	eat
koala	AtLocation	zoo
dress	IsA	clothe
sister	IsA	sibling
listen	HasSubevent	hear
juice	IsA	beverage
bullet	UsedFor	murder
limbo	IsA	dance
wasp	AtLocation	nest
troll	AtLocation	bridge
cell	PartOf	body
triangle	MadeOf	metal
spirit	AtLocation	medium
number	UsedFor	calculation
cement	HasProperty	hard
hole	AtLocation	donut
saxophone	AtLocation	orchestra
sleep	Causes	rest
tv	IsA	media
waterfall	HasProperty	majestic
soil	AtLocation	garden
grape	PartOf	wine
salt	IsA	season
pantry	AtLocation	kitchen
food	AtLocation	pantry
x-ray	IsA	radiation
gate	AtLocation	fence
machine	AtLocation	factory
horseshoe	UsedFor	luck
dream	Causes	fantasy
crayfish	IsA	crustacean
breathe	HasLastSubevent	exhale
antenna	PartOf	cockroach
yacht	IsA	ship
horn	UsedFor	music
food	AtLocation	table
classroom	UsedFor	education
wool	AtLocation	sheep
family	AtLocation	house
animal	PartOf	nature
puzzle	AtLocation	newspaper
woman	HasA	breast
record	UsedFor	listen
beaver	AtLocation	canada
animal	IsA	organism
trash	AtLocation	dump
tram	AtLocation	city
cobweb	AtLocation	attic
geometry	IsA	math
vegetable	IsA	plant
water	AtLocation	suds
eight	IsA	number
half	PartOf	whole
son	PartOf	family
swine	IsA	animal
hot dog	UsedFor	eat
overflow	AtLocation	sink
marble	HasProperty	round
diabetes	IsA	disease
rainbow	HasProperty	pretty
football	NotHasProperty	round
velvet	HasProperty	soft
drink	AtLocation	can
ladle	AtLocation	kitchen
spit	HasPrerequisite	saliva
jam	IsA	spread
textbook	IsA	book
bar	AtLocation	jail
quail	IsA	bird
see	HasPrerequisite	look
water	HasProperty	reflective
elvis	HasProperty	dead
sail	PartOf	sailboat
tomato	IsA	fruit
water	AtLocation	drain
jet	CapableOf	fly
ranch	UsedFor	cattle
tongue	AtLocation	mouth
rabbit	Desires	lettuce
bird	HasA	wing
jam	AtLocation	jar
playground	AtLocation	school
soldier	AtLocation	battlefield
ticket	AtLocation	train
house	HasA	foyer
relax	Causes	sleep
run	MotivatedByGoal	move
read	Causes	learn
performer	AtLocation	stage
language	ReceivesAction	write
show	UsedFor	entertainment
study	HasSubevent	read
yo-yo	HasProperty	fun
balloon	HasA	water
lake	HasA	water
road	IsA	surface
music	PartOf	entertainment
bowl	IsA	game
cheque	UsedFor	pay
man	IsA	person
carnival	AtLocation	fair
chocolate	HasProperty	edible
rat	AtLocation	laboratory
food	AtLocation	farm
magazine	AtLocation	newsstand
refuse	AtLocation	dump
present	IsA	gift
horn	UsedFor	blow
tenor	AtLocation	opera
person	IsA	life
goldfish	IsA	carp
symmetry	HasProperty	beautiful
satellite	AtLocation	space
nostril	PartOf	nose
surface	UsedFor	counter
family	HasA	child
person	AtLocation	human
salad	HasProperty	eat
possibility	HasProperty	endless
coal	AtLocation	fire
schizophrenia	IsA	mental illness
pencil	IsA	stationary
euro	IsA	currency
horse	IsA	herbivore
photography	IsA	art
conductor	AtLocation	orchestra
music	AtLocation	opera
farm	AtLocation	country
saw	UsedFor	cut
comet	AtLocation	space
person	CapableOf	another
pen	AtLocation	desktop
pay attention	MotivatedByGoal	listen
steak	IsA	meat
sailor	AtLocation	ship
drunk	CapableOf	drink
cabinet	UsedFor	storage
galaxy	AtLocation	universe
ovary	PartOf	female
smoke	Causes	cancer
tissue	AtLocation	toilet
playstation	IsA	video game
toad	AtLocation	pond
seaweed	PartOf	ocean
librarian	AtLocation	library
catholic	IsA	christianity
cumin	IsA	spice
lamp	AtLocation	desk
milk	AtLocation	store
car	CapableOf	slow down
gas	ReceivesAction	compress
gas	MadeOf	oil
ceiling	HasProperty	paint
koala	AtLocation	tree
urine	AtLocation	toilet
cottage	IsA	house
tuberculosis	IsA	disease
lie	UsedFor	manipulation
subway	AtLocation	underground
parchment	IsA	paper
notebook	UsedFor	study
ruby	IsA	stone
fish	AtLocation	fish tank
piano	UsedFor	music
paperback	IsA	book
butler	IsA	servant
ape	IsA	animal
shed	AtLocation	backyard
ivy	IsA	vine
mildew	AtLocation	basement
curry	IsA	spice
cream	AtLocation	coffee
mineral	AtLocation	earth
sword	MadeOf	metal
musical instrument	AtLocation	band
sail	HasProperty	white
doctor	AtLocation	hospital
pretend	HasSubevent	act
hospitality	AtLocation	hotel
car	IsA	automobile
fish	AtLocation	tank
clothe	UsedFor	dress
sun	UsedFor	life
arm	PartOf	body
chair	UsedFor	rest
city	HasProperty	pollute
kiss	UsedFor	lover
scale	PartOf	fish
r	PartOf	alphabet
procreate	Causes	life
floor	MadeOf	concrete
cream cheese	IsA	fat
eat	HasPrerequisite	swallow
balcony	AtLocation	theater
athlete	AtLocation	olympics
scalpel	UsedFor	cut
room	AtLocation	school
ski	UsedFor	fun
mouth	CapableOf	eat
ticket	AtLocation	movie
pea	AtLocation	pod
neck	AtLocation	shoulder
heater	HasProperty	hot
fall	Causes	injury
hula	IsA	dance
tornado	Causes	destruction
knit	HasPrerequisite	yarn
doorbell	AtLocation	front door
crow	HasProperty	black
wing	PartOf	aeroplane
boy	IsA	boy scout
bicycle	HasA	wheel
movie	HasProperty	fun
shell	AtLocation	ocean
work	HasSubevent	think
den	AtLocation	cave
breast	AtLocation	woman
child	Desires	play
bishop	AtLocation	church
glass	UsedFor	drink
baby duck	IsA	duckling
salt	AtLocation	shaker
animal	CapableOf	bite
play	AtLocation	theatre
child	InheritsFrom	person
child	HasProperty	messy
glass	HasProperty	half full
yacht	HasA	sail
money	SymbolOf	richness
lamp	CapableOf	illuminate
beverage	AtLocation	restaurant
liver	PartOf	organ
mushroom	IsA	fungi
chicken	Causes	egg
neil armstrong	IsA	astronaut
wallet	AtLocation	pocket
tool	IsA	instrument
gravity	AtLocation	black hole
paint	CapableOf	dry
dead	HasSubevent	suffocate
leg	UsedFor	run
rain	PartOf	weather
box	HasA	gift
motorcycle	IsA	vehicle
mother	HasA	child
actor	AtLocation	play
vessel	AtLocation	ocean
space	IsA	eternity
water	AtLocation	puddle
computer	RelatedTo	mouse
cash	AtLocation	wallet
hot chocolate	HasProperty	sweet
world	HasProperty	flat
paper	HasProperty	thin
talk	HasPrerequisite	language
asia	IsA	continent
cat	HasA	flea
hair	IsA	fur
spook	IsA	ghost
write	HasSubevent	think
mess	AtLocation	desk
slave	IsA	person
folder	UsedFor	storage
potato	AtLocation	farm
hedgehog	IsA	mammal
egg	CreatedBy	chicken
activity	IsA	action
light bulb	MadeOf	glass
pray	HasPrerequisite	believe
london	IsA	city
pool	UsedFor	swim
life	HasProperty	finite
work	HasProperty	hard
knife	IsA	tool
cat	HasA	claw
oil	UsedFor	car
nylon	IsA	plastic
war	Causes	unrest
cry	HasSubevent	sob
cat	CapableOf	meow
quote	AtLocation	story
soda	HasA	caffeine
lemonade	IsA	drink
cardinal	IsA	number
tuba	AtLocation	band
salad	UsedFor	eat
grapefruit	HasProperty	juicy
queen	IsA	woman
language	ReceivesAction	learn
sprite	IsA	soda
procreate	HasPrerequisite	mate
future	ReceivesAction	predict
rat	IsA	vermin
needle	AtLocation	haystack
sword	UsedFor	cut
corn	HasA	husk
shopper	AtLocation	store
strap	PartOf	purse
cook	HasPrerequisite	food
joy	IsA	emotion
schizophrenia	IsA	disease
white	SymbolOf	innocence
fun	CausesDesire	travel
plate	MadeOf	glass
cell phone	IsA	telephone
cord	PartOf	telephone
bed	UsedFor	lay down
synapse	PartOf	brain
rest	HasPrerequisite	relax
ridicule	HasProperty	bad
cellar	UsedFor	wine
life	HasProperty	hard
energy	AtLocation	coal
sweat	SymbolOf	hard work
stem	PartOf	flower
wound	AtLocation	war
water	AtLocation	canoe
pavement	AtLocation	city
bank	HasA	branch
tree	PartOf	forrest
foot	UsedFor	walk
petroleum	IsA	energy
herb	IsA	plant
toilet	PartOf	bathroom
car	AtLocation	driveway
head	PartOf	body
queen	AtLocation	castle
cushion	PartOf	couch
water	AtLocation	rain
companionship	AtLocation	marriage
altar	UsedFor	sacrifice
gold	HasProperty	expensive
airplane	CapableOf	fly
village	PartOf	country
petrol	IsA	gasoline
lemon	HasProperty	bitter
ear	HasA	wax
singapore	AtLocation	asia
telephone	UsedFor	talk
arch	AtLocation	church
apple juice	IsA	juice
sentence	PartOf	paragraph
jar	MadeOf	glass
nose	PartOf	face
shrimp	IsA	crustacean
book	UsedFor	entertainment
lizard	IsA	reptile
iron	HasProperty	hard
polar bear	UsedFor	snow
dish	UsedFor	wash
airplane	CapableOf	land
bookcase	HasA	book
rabbit	PartOf	animal
life	IsA	struggle
snow	HasProperty	white
utopia	IsA	place
die	HasPrerequisite	life
knife	AtLocation	plate
bow	IsA	ribbon
god	CapableOf	love
alp	DefinedAs	mountain
person	HasProperty	creative
french horn	IsA	instrument
grocery store	UsedFor	shop
turtle	HasProperty	slow
voice	AtLocation	choir
table	AtLocation	kitchen
sofa	UsedFor	sit
drawer	AtLocation	kitchen
nicotine	HasProperty	addictive
dog	NotDesires	flea
gazelle	AtLocation	savannah
highway	AtLocation	city
flesh	IsA	color
book	HasA	spine
mirror	MadeOf	glass
dolphin	IsA	animal
cucumber	IsA	vegetable
key	AtLocation	keyboard
mosquito	AtLocation	swamp
ice	AtLocation	refrigerator
freeway	AtLocation	america
poodle	IsA	pet
sky	HasProperty	vast
desk	InheritsFrom	table
jesus	DefinedAs	son of god
pray	HasPrerequisite	faith
what	IsA	that
software	CreatedBy	programmer
toy	HasProperty	fun
spine	PartOf	book
ad	AtLocation	newspaper
astronaut	AtLocation	space shuttle
carbohydrate	HasA	carbon
sidewalk	MadeOf	concrete
doll	IsA	toy
holstein	IsA	cow
sand	IsA	soil
japan	IsA	island
turkey	IsA	country
disco	UsedFor	dance
set	MadeOf	element
kelp	AtLocation	water
nail	MadeOf	steel
stall	UsedFor	horse
collect	IsA	hobby
desk	MadeOf	wood
water	IsA	solvent
memorize	HasSubevent	remember
machine gun	UsedFor	shoot
asteroid	IsA	space rock
desk	IsA	table
sing	HasProperty	entertain
guitar	IsA	musical instrument
papaya	IsA	fruit
china	IsA	country
sunflower	IsA	flower
date	HasSubevent	flirt
mill	UsedFor	grind
galaxy	PartOf	solar system
eye	HasProperty	brown
chalkboard	IsA	slate
corn	HasProperty	yellow
coke	IsA	soda
mother	HasProperty	female
wrestle	HasSubevent	sweat
plastic	ReceivesAction	recycle
employee	PartOf	company
neighbor	AtLocation	next door
gate	UsedFor	close
alarm clock	UsedFor	wake up
old person	HasA	white hair
sink	PartOf	bathroom
barn	MadeOf	wood
tree	ReceivesAction	fell
pistol	IsA	handgun
mailman	AtLocation	post office
house	AtLocation	street
metal	IsA	element
mountain	AtLocation	colorado
intersection	AtLocation	road
lion	UsedFor	safari
duvet	AtLocation	bedroom
desk	IsA	furniture
song	IsA	music
hamburger	MadeOf	meat
match	Causes	fire
shade	AtLocation	tree
fluff	AtLocation	bellybutton
crayon	UsedFor	draw
letter	UsedFor	communication
couch	IsA	sofa
bike	IsA	bicycle
slate	AtLocation	roof
ship	UsedFor	sail
submarine	CapableOf	surface
coffee	IsA	stimulant
pizza	IsA	food
stockholm	PartOf	sweden
nylon	IsA	material
oboe	AtLocation	band
white	SymbolOf	cloud
chimpanzee	IsA	animal
america	HasA	flag
statue	MadeOf	bronze
actor	CapableOf	pretend
ink	AtLocation	printer
department	PartOf	university
ball	UsedFor	tennis
lose	PartOf	game
feather	AtLocation	pillow
nail	PartOf	finger
connection	AtLocation	circuit
cotton	IsA	crop
oatmeal	IsA	food
food	HasProperty	edible
death	HasProperty	inevitable
water	AtLocation	tear
lsd	IsA	hallucinogen
tickle	UsedFor	fun
corn	AtLocation	cob
bacon	HasProperty	good
fish	Desires	food
sofa	MadeOf	leather
ocean	UsedFor	sail
caribou	IsA	mammal
date	HasProperty	fun
snake	IsA	reptile
professor	AtLocation	university
tiger	AtLocation	jungle
jug	HasA	handle
balloon	AtLocation	sky
crab	IsA	crustacean
pot	HasA	water
buffet	UsedFor	food
cogitate	HasPrerequisite	think
god	AtLocation	church
cat	HasA	tail
paper	NotHasProperty	flat
blackboard	AtLocation	school
product	IsA	result
yarn	UsedFor	knit
city	IsA	place
citizen	CapableOf	vote
penguin	AtLocation	antarctica
shadow	CreatedBy	light
tuna	IsA	fish
pencil	UsedFor	draw
christian	AtLocation	church
produce	AtLocation	supermarket
sex	IsA	fun
africa	PartOf	map
cow	AtLocation	farm
machine	UsedFor	lubricate
hamburger	IsA	meat
receiver	PartOf	telephone
bird	IsA	mammal
trouble	AtLocation	roadblock
tooth	CapableOf	decay
leg	UsedFor	stand
seat	AtLocation	bike
marker	IsA	pen
machete	IsA	sword
climb	UsedFor	go up
folder	UsedFor	file
ecstasy	AtLocation	rave
tree	AtLocation	orchard
boulevard	IsA	street
oxygen	IsA	element
rabbit	IsA	pet
human	InheritsFrom	person
book	AtLocation	backpack
oxygen	IsA	gas
water	AtLocation	delta
walk	HasSubevent	stumble
muscle	UsedFor	lift
table	AtLocation	conference
giraffe	AtLocation	zoo
affair	Causes	scandal
harpsichord	IsA	musical instrument
java	AtLocation	computer
canoe	HasProperty	fun
bathtub	PartOf	bathroom
tornado	HasProperty	big
chocolate	HasProperty	bitter
audience	AtLocation	theatre
oven	UsedFor	cook
love	UsedFor	give
sun	UsedFor	light
car	HasProperty	red
crack	IsA	drug
hospital	SymbolOf	sickness
salad	IsA	food
toronto	IsA	city
candy	MadeOf	sugar
town	IsA	community
bone	HasA	calcium
belgium	PartOf	europe
melon	IsA	fruit
gorilla	IsA	animal
king	HasA	kingdom
towel	AtLocation	bathroom
baby	AtLocation	crib
goose	IsA	animal
employee	AtLocation	company
privacy	AtLocation	bedroom
letter	AtLocation	mailbox
boat	HasProperty	fun
germ	Causes	disease
gecko	IsA	lizard
island	HasA	palm tree
kingdom	HasA	king
remote control	IsA	device
sun	HasProperty	round
eye	PartOf	face
gold	AtLocation	ring
comb	MadeOf	plastic
internet	UsedFor	communicate
queen	IsA	royalty
reptile	HasProperty	cold-blooded
gas	UsedFor	burp
salmon	IsA	fish
game show	AtLocation	television
aircraft	AtLocation	sky
goldfish	Desires	bowl
lemon	IsA	fruit
animal	HasA	fur
lion	IsA	predator
liberty	HasPrerequisite	freedom
shower	AtLocation	bathroom
travel	HasProperty	fun
cancer	Causes	death
sex	Causes	fun
cell phone	UsedFor	call
bag	MadeOf	plastic
book	AtLocation	classroom
catwalk	HasProperty	narrow
town	AtLocation	country
flute	UsedFor	music
roller coaster	HasProperty	fun
eyebrow	IsA	hair
patience	IsA	virtue
ice	AtLocation	freezer
read	Causes	knowledge
sleep	MotivatedByGoal	dream
dog	UsedFor	fun
stress	Causes	fatigue
galaxy	PartOf	universe
barrel	PartOf	gun
grocery	AtLocation	supermarket
mississippi	IsA	state
bomb	IsA	weapon
duck	AtLocation	lake
deck	AtLocation	boat
frame	PartOf	window
poultry	HasProperty	chicken
university	UsedFor	learn
baby	ReceivesAction	born
liquid	IsA	fluid
wood	ReceivesAction	burn
awake	HasPrerequisite	consciousness
wall	PartOf	house
new york	RelatedTo	broadway
coal	IsA	carbon
boob	PartOf	girl
tv	HasProperty	fun
flirt	HasSubevent	wink
car	HasA	seat
sky	HasProperty	up
dirt	AtLocation	carpet
bone	IsA	dog
person	HasProperty	impatient
car	AtLocation	interstate
purple	IsA	color
father	Desires	son
samurai	IsA	fighter
paris	AtLocation	france
stapler	IsA	device
test tube	AtLocation	laboratory
sister	AtLocation	convent
turtle	PartOf	animal
pencil	MadeOf	wood
cheat	PartOf	affair
sand	AtLocation	hourglass
thunder	IsA	noise
yard	UsedFor	measure
dagger	CapableOf	stab
tuesday	IsA	weekday
cemetery	HasA	tombstone
zombie	AtLocation	movie
shingle	AtLocation	roof
unpleasant	HasProperty	bad
talc	IsA	mineral
brandy	IsA	booze
earth	NotHasProperty	flat
tissue	PartOf	organ
isle	AtLocation	ocean
vicar	AtLocation	church
dice	IsA	cube
captain	PartOf	team
piccolo	AtLocation	band
penguin	AtLocation	zoo
america	HasProperty	huge
gallery	AtLocation	museum
trombone	IsA	musical instrument
snake	AtLocation	amazon
bath	UsedFor	relaxation
ocean	HasProperty	wet
arousal	Causes	ejaculation
weapon	UsedFor	kill
elephant	AtLocation	africa
ape	IsA	primate
superstition	Causes	religion
lie	UsedFor	cheat
car	AtLocation	garage
sugar	AtLocation	soft drink
plate	MadeOf	china
screen	IsA	computer
lawyer	AtLocation	courtroom
bird	CapableOf	sing
study	UsedFor	read
melon	InstanceOf	fruit
fruit	HasProperty	nutritious
coca cola	IsA	drink
apple	HasProperty	sweet
computer	ReceivesAction	upgrade
window	AtLocation	store
racquetball	IsA	sport
shark	InheritsFrom	fish
galaxy	HasProperty	big
knife	HasProperty	dangerous
drink	AtLocation	cup
leg	IsA	limb
parrot	IsA	bird
ring	AtLocation	finger
game	HasProperty	fun
fruit	UsedFor	eat
billiards	IsA	game
blind	NotCapableOf	see
food	CausesDesire	eat
heron	IsA	bird
mouse	HasProperty	small
paper	ReceivesAction	recycle
work	NotHasProperty	fun
mercury	HasProperty	poisonous
kite	UsedFor	fly
shadow	NotHasProperty	dark
water	AtLocation	fridge
knife	UsedFor	stab
disco	IsA	dance
ribbon	UsedFor	decoration
work	AtLocation	desk
money	AtLocation	vault
moth	AtLocation	closet
jail	UsedFor	punishment
plane	CapableOf	crash
sex	RelatedTo	condom
ring	UsedFor	wear
lettuce	IsA	plant
knowledge	InheritsFrom	learn
leg	PartOf	spider
number	UsedFor	math
hair	AtLocation	brush
write	HasPrerequisite	pen
storm	CapableOf	damage
child	IsA	person
winter	HasProperty	cold
belgium	IsA	country
happiness	IsA	emotion
america	HasA	president
dog	AtLocation	backyard
breathe	Causes	life
giraffe	HasA	long neck
toothbrush	AtLocation	bathroom
jean	IsA	pant
light	HasProperty	electrical
story	UsedFor	read
ignorance	IsA	bliss
monument	IsA	statue
steam	IsA	gas
tiger	IsA	cat
court	AtLocation	lawyer
sun	HasProperty	bright
monkey	IsA	primate
petrol	AtLocation	car
bicycle	HasProperty	fun
pedal	AtLocation	piano
wallet	AtLocation	purse
kitchen	PartOf	house
rapier	IsA	sword
fish	HasA	fin
mug	UsedFor	tea
arch	PartOf	foot
picture	IsA	representation
suit	AtLocation	suitcase
basketball	HasProperty	fun
water	HasProperty	fluid
tree	AtLocation	backyard
drought	Causes	famine
work	MotivatedByGoal	money
egg	UsedFor	food
taxi	AtLocation	city
socialism	IsA	government
sun	HasProperty	warm
see	IsA	sense
president	IsA	leader
hear	HasPrerequisite	listen
ear	ReceivesAction	pierce
talk	HasSubevent	walk
puppy	HasProperty	cuddly
program	AtLocation	theater
ponytail	IsA	hairstyle
noon	PartOf	day
submarine	AtLocation	ocean
old age	Causes	death
travel	Causes	fun
soup	AtLocation	container
sun	Causes	sunburn
class	RelatedTo	homework
boil	IsA	cook
freeway	IsA	highway
pear	HasProperty	green
run	HasSubevent	exhaustion
mirror	AtLocation	reflection
date	AtLocation	calendar
diesel	IsA	fuel
restaurant	UsedFor	eat
velociraptor	IsA	dinosaur
handset	PartOf	telephone
drug	AtLocation	pharmacy
night	HasProperty	dark
spade	UsedFor	dig
lane	AtLocation	street
boat	AtLocation	dock
water	IsA	fluid
pan	AtLocation	oven
lie	NotIsA	truth
parakeet	IsA	bird
music	MadeOf	note
niece	AtLocation	family
slay	IsA	kill
water	HasProperty	slippery
sign	UsedFor	direction
sleep	HasPrerequisite	relax
silk	IsA	fabric
cashier	AtLocation	shop
student	PartOf	class
dog	CapableOf	vomit
submarine	CapableOf	dive
tortoise	NotIsA	turtle
penis	AtLocation	vagina
whale	AtLocation	underwater
orange	HasProperty	sweet
season	PartOf	year
pen	UsedFor	write
student	CapableOf	learn
baby	CreatedBy	sex
evil	HasProperty	good
submarine	AtLocation	sea
kindergarten	AtLocation	child
brain	IsA	head
foot	AtLocation	sock
hair	AtLocation	mammal
night	HasProperty	scary
drink	IsA	food
snout	PartOf	pig
tooth	UsedFor	chew
sunshine	AtLocation	summer
farm	AtLocation	countryside
wife	UsedFor	companionship
egypt	IsA	country
synthesizer	IsA	instrument
sandal	IsA	shoe
lincoln	PartOf	nebraska
frisbee	IsA	toy
ocean	InheritsFrom	water
hardcover	IsA	book
government	AtLocation	democracy
yo-yo	UsedFor	game
bag	IsA	container
hydrogen	IsA	gas
hamburger	IsA	food
house	HasA	yard
taxi	HasProperty	yellow
fish	AtLocation	ocean
duvet	UsedFor	sleep
life	UsedFor	live
sofa	UsedFor	lounge
ubuntu	IsA	linux
shade	PartOf	lamp
sunlight	IsA	energy
platypus	AtLocation	australia
beaver	AtLocation	wood
golf	IsA	sport
run	IsA	exercise
rifle	IsA	gun
survival	HasProperty	necessary
coffee	IsA	beverage
person	IsA	individual
toe	AtLocation	sock
shop	HasPrerequisite	money
rooster	CapableOf	crow
frog	AtLocation	water
medicine	HasProperty	bitter
walnut	HasA	shell
corn	IsA	starch
red	DefinedAs	color
fruit	HasProperty	delicious
italy	IsA	country
garbage	IsA	waste
lens	AtLocation	eye
pie	AtLocation	oven
act	PartOf	theater
life	AtLocation	forest
mammoth	AtLocation	ice
gorilla	IsA	mammal
potato	IsA	food
information	AtLocation	library
vegetable	IsA	food
apple	ReceivesAction	tart
stair	UsedFor	climb
finger	PartOf	hand
weapon	UsedFor	protection
net	AtLocation	boat
letter	AtLocation	envelope
aardvark	IsA	mammal
meal	AtLocation	plate
plum	IsA	fruit
nose	UsedFor	pick
apple	HasProperty	edible
teaspoon	IsA	spoon
rhinoceros	AtLocation	zoo
food	ReceivesAction	eat
irish	IsA	nationality
mayor	AtLocation	city hall
truck	IsA	automobile
bomb	UsedFor	terror
horse	AtLocation	field
stage	AtLocation	theatre
performance	AtLocation	theatre
ipod	HasProperty	device
twister	IsA	tornado
north	IsA	direction
carpet	HasProperty	soft
war	Causes	death
otter	IsA	mammal
screen	PartOf	cell phone
home	RelatedTo	family
bali	PartOf	indonesia
hair	AtLocation	skin
city	AtLocation	state
truth	HasProperty	relative
highway	UsedFor	truck
white	SymbolOf	purity
plant	CapableOf	photosynthesis
airport	UsedFor	airplane
jelly	AtLocation	jar
pray	HasPrerequisite	god
client	AtLocation	office
cream	IsA	band
teacher	CapableOf	encourage
wood	ReceivesAction	polish
love	Causes	child
ice	HasProperty	frigid
newspaper	IsA	media
book	AtLocation	bookcase
queen	IsA	monarch
glass	AtLocation	cabinet
baseball	UsedFor	throw
glue	AtLocation	school
mortgage	MotivatedByGoal	house
yoyo	IsA	toy
counter	PartOf	kitchen
chinese food	HasProperty	spicy
mammal	HasA	fur
bread	PartOf	sandwich
murder	HasProperty	wrong
water	AtLocation	splash
engine	AtLocation	plane
bat	IsA	animal
men	IsA	horny
dashboard	AtLocation	car
oxygen	PartOf	air
matter	AtLocation	universe
fulcrum	PartOf	lever
everybody	HasA	body
swallow	IsA	bird
son	IsA	offspring
universe	HasProperty	endless
coin	UsedFor	spend
game	HasA	rule
life	IsA	circle
kitten	AtLocation	litter
cash register	AtLocation	shop
classroom	UsedFor	learn
vertebrate	HasProperty	animal
glass	HasA	water
die	HasPrerequisite	live
elbow	UsedFor	bend
city	AtLocation	country
grill	AtLocation	backyard
aisle	AtLocation	plane
indigo	IsA	color
balloon	AtLocation	air
lapel	PartOf	shirt
earth	HasA	atmosphere
prop	AtLocation	stage
pirate	Desires	booty
danger	HasProperty	bad
gravity	IsA	force
counter	AtLocation	diner
paint	UsedFor	artist
number	AtLocation	statistic
bicycle	UsedFor	transportation
condom	IsA	protection
axle	PartOf	machine
pen	AtLocation	paper
parrot	CapableOf	talk
chocolate	IsA	sweet
net	UsedFor	fish
sponge	UsedFor	clean
poem	NotCapableOf	write
shamrock	HasProperty	green
drug	IsA	chemical
author	CapableOf	write
houston	PartOf	texas
fish	AtLocation	underwater
desk	UsedFor	work
toothbrush	AtLocation	dentist
iron	HasProperty	heavy
car	AtLocation	town
chair	HasProperty	comfortable
emo	IsA	music
election	UsedFor	choose
waiter	AtLocation	restaurant
dresser	AtLocation	bedroom
sun	Causes	heat
nation	CapableOf	war
bartender	AtLocation	bar
nature	HasProperty	good
syrup	AtLocation	waffle
water	UsedFor	drink
clipboard	AtLocation	work
wood	IsA	tree
rain	IsA	water
area	IsA	place
head	UsedFor	think
graphite	AtLocation	pencil
hill	AtLocation	countryside
chain	AtLocation	dungeon
compete	HasPrerequisite	train
belt	MadeOf	leather
cabbage	IsA	vegetable
eat	HasProperty	satisfy
advertise	PartOf	promotion
cpu	PartOf	computer
flower	PartOf	plant
microwave	UsedFor	cook
hand	PartOf	clock
math	HasProperty	hard
plane	IsA	vehicle
fox	AtLocation	wild
handle	PartOf	pot
song	IsA	poetry
knife	UsedFor	kill
die	HasSubevent	funeral
ink	CapableOf	smudge
ethanol	IsA	alcohol
duck	HasA	feather
monkey	IsA	animal
water	AtLocation	iceberg
snake	HasA	scale
rock	HasProperty	hard
bicycle	UsedFor	race
poverty	HasProperty	sad
something	AtLocation	vague
swim	Causes	drown
paprika	IsA	spice
vinegar	MadeOf	wine
entrance	UsedFor	enter
canoe	IsA	sport
velvet	IsA	fabric
polka	IsA	dance
wheel	PartOf	vehicle
comedy	IsA	show
gene	PartOf	chromosome
breathe	HasFirstSubevent	inhale
tv	ReceivesAction	watch
husband	IsA	mate
work	HasSubevent	accomplishment
leopard	IsA	cat
water	CapableOf	spill
government	IsA	organization
snail	AtLocation	shell
nail	PartOf	house
pond	UsedFor	fish
dresser	AtLocation	house
tub	UsedFor	bathe
finger	AtLocation	hand
government	HasPrerequisite	organization
pink	IsA	color
call	UsedFor	contact
relish	IsA	pickle
walrus	IsA	mammal
diamond	AtLocation	ring
monkey	AtLocation	zoo
squid	AtLocation	sea
man	IsA	male
bronze	IsA	alloy
couch	HasProperty	comfortable
alto	AtLocation	choir
snow	SymbolOf	winter
chemical	HasProperty	dangerous
child	AtLocation	daycare
build	CreatedBy	architect
liquid	HasProperty	fluid
learn	HasSubevent	listen
beach	HasA	sand
blood	IsA	liquid
leaf	PartOf	tree
gorilla	IsA	ape
sunlight	HasProperty	bright
breathe	HasSubevent	choke
lawn	AtLocation	suburb
roulette	AtLocation	casino
meadow	AtLocation	countryside
prostitution	HasPrerequisite	money
hatred	AtLocation	war
nose	AtLocation	mouth
statement	HasProperty	false
planet	AtLocation	outer space
castle	AtLocation	europe
pencil	CapableOf	write
butter	AtLocation	toast
flag	IsA	symbol
coffee	AtLocation	mug
solar system	PartOf	galaxy
boat	AtLocation	harbor
swing	AtLocation	porch
spring	IsA	coil
bread	AtLocation	toaster
organ	AtLocation	body
marijuana	ReceivesAction	smoke
raccoon	IsA	mammal
cheesecake	IsA	cake
hair	UsedFor	warmth
tv	RelatedTo	vcr
heroin	IsA	drug
meat	UsedFor	protein
television	PartOf	den
violet	HasProperty	blue
gun	HasA	trigger
fly	IsA	pest
cellar	UsedFor	basement
ocean	HasA	wave
study	HasPrerequisite	concentrate
work out	MotivatedByGoal	health
vertebrate	HasA	backbone
staircase	AtLocation	house
dive	UsedFor	fun
neighbor	AtLocation	door
leather	UsedFor	belt
galaxy	AtLocation	space
oil	AtLocation	motor
cpu	AtLocation	computer
sailboat	HasA	mast
pad	UsedFor	mouse
wheat	IsA	grass
nostril	IsA	hole
snow	Causes	blizzard
book	UsedFor	information
plant	DesireOf	water
baby	HasProperty	bald
clean	UsedFor	wash
job	InheritsFrom	work
recliner	IsA	chair
woman	CapableOf	sex
nickel	IsA	metal
criminal	AtLocation	jail
coconut	AtLocation	tree
bridge	MadeOf	stone
mouth	HasA	lip
staple	AtLocation	stapler
cauliflower	IsA	vegetable
fbi	HasProperty	federal bureau of investigation
hoist	UsedFor	lift
gauze	AtLocation	hospital
beam	UsedFor	support
trash	ReceivesAction	recycle
teacher	CapableOf	educate
basket	HasProperty	weave
shoe	AtLocation	box
notebook	AtLocation	class
photograph	IsA	picture
ham	IsA	food
brain	PartOf	body
gold	HasProperty	malleable
beaver	AtLocation	dam
lunch	IsA	meal
child	AtLocation	school
exercise	UsedFor	fun
gull	IsA	bird
canvas	UsedFor	paint
squirrel	AtLocation	forest
pizza	IsA	fast food
pupil	PartOf	class
crocodile	PartOf	animal
chemical	AtLocation	laboratory
lobster	IsA	seafood
clerk	AtLocation	post office
storm	UsedFor	rain
coke	InstanceOf	soft drink
child	HasProperty	cute
cricket	IsA	game
fish	IsA	animal
insulation	AtLocation	attic
compete	UsedFor	win
booger	AtLocation	nose
computer	AtLocation	office
read	UsedFor	learn
run	HasProperty	walk
van	IsA	vehicle
latte	IsA	coffee
son	IsA	relative
tooth	HasProperty	white
state	AtLocation	country
news	PartOf	media
story	HasA	sentence
frost	AtLocation	freezer
rubber	AtLocation	tire
edge	PartOf	sword
parade	HasA	float
edinburgh	PartOf	scotland
dolphin	AtLocation	water
mango	IsA	fruit
lint	AtLocation	pocket
mayor	AtLocation	town
hike	UsedFor	exercise
mental health	IsA	health
peace	AtLocation	meditate
predator	IsA	animal
win	CausesDesire	celebrate
toast	AtLocation	toaster
neck	AtLocation	body
sculpture	MadeOf	stone
vinegar	HasProperty	sour
moisture	Causes	dampness
food	AtLocation	oven
pencil	IsA	eyeliner
listen	UsedFor	hear
whore	IsA	prostitute
oxygen	AtLocation	water
rose	IsA	plant
liquid	IsA	substance
earth	HasProperty	flat
marker	UsedFor	color
magic	IsA	illusion
world	HasProperty	round
leader	AtLocation	pack
purse	AtLocation	pocket
read	UsedFor	education
citizen	AtLocation	country
office	AtLocation	work
club	IsA	weapon
seat	HasProperty	comfortable
penis	CapableOf	pee
wood	IsA	solid
mom	IsA	parent
trash	AtLocation	container
comb	UsedFor	hair
yard	HasProperty	landscape
metal	HasProperty	heavy
steal	HasProperty	bad
sleep	HasSubevent	breathe
game	IsA	competition
knife	CapableOf	cut
tree	CapableOf	grow
characteristic	AtLocation	person
pickle	IsA	cucumber
god	HasProperty	powerful
merchant	AtLocation	market
news	ReceivesAction	broadcast
mayor	AtLocation	town hall
peppermint	IsA	plant
stock market	PartOf	economy
kitten	HasProperty	playful
robber	IsA	criminal
ball	ReceivesAction	throw
gymnastics	IsA	sport
psychology	IsA	science
water	AtLocation	icicle
morning	PartOf	day
money	ReceivesAction	transfer
chair	IsA	sit
dollar	IsA	money
program	CapableOf	compute
picture	AtLocation	wall
disease	NotHasProperty	contagious
dancer	AtLocation	ballet
mint	IsA	taste
marijuana	HasProperty	fun
traffic light	AtLocation	street
south africa	IsA	country
cat	IsA	pet
press	RelatedTo	news
masturbate	MotivatedByGoal	orgasm
god	PartOf	church
run	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
duck	NotHasProperty	yellow
surgeon	PartOf	doctor
hump	PartOf	camel
skirt	IsA	dress
computer	ReceivesAction	program
child	AtLocation	orphanage
money	SymbolOf	currency
chocolate	ReceivesAction	melt
pheasant	IsA	bird
slinky	HasPrerequisite	spring
isle	IsA	land
ship	HasA	mast
bed	UsedFor	rest
photocopier	AtLocation	office
fable	IsA	story
lilac	IsA	flower
eraser	HasProperty	pink
money	UsedFor	save
bumper	PartOf	car
cargo	AtLocation	boat
genocide	IsA	crime
water	AtLocation	bathtub
vegetable	AtLocation	garden
monkey	AtLocation	tree
energy	AtLocation	food
duck	IsA	animal
love	IsA	compassion
sex	ReceivesAction	pleasurable
zebra	IsA	animal
time	HasProperty	infinite
mask	IsA	disguise
remember	HasPrerequisite	memory
san francisco	IsA	city
milk	AtLocation	cow
salamander	IsA	amphibian
cake	AtLocation	bakery
gecko	IsA	reptile
pink	IsA	colour
church	UsedFor	wedding
vampire	DefinedAs	undead
ball	CapableOf	bounce
mathematics	AtLocation	school
orange	IsA	fruit
burlap	AtLocation	sack
crop	AtLocation	field
shirt	HasProperty	stripe
teach	Causes	learn
fish	HasA	bone
roll	IsA	bread
ski	HasPrerequisite	snow
horse	AtLocation	paddock
couch	PartOf	den
aquarium	HasA	water
spray	AtLocation	waterfall
communicate	Causes	misunderstand
justice	NotHasProperty	equal
dog	HasA	hair
root	PartOf	plant
bouquet	MadeOf	flower
boat	AtLocation	lake
butter	HasProperty	delicious
injury	Causes	pain
neighbour	AtLocation	door
grasshopper	AtLocation	field
crack	IsA	cocaine
slinky	MadeOf	spring
cider	UsedFor	drink
plunger	CapableOf	drain
poison	Causes	sickness
pudding	MadeOf	sugar
kill	MotivatedByGoal	revenge
hunt	HasProperty	kill
thumb	IsA	finger
lane	UsedFor	drive
capital	AtLocation	state
water	ReceivesAction	freeze
sleep	RelatedTo	sofa
foot	PartOf	body
ocean	HasProperty	blue
temple	UsedFor	religion
book	UsedFor	educate
fashion	HasProperty	fun
funeral	HasProperty	sad
house	HasProperty	neat
paint	IsA	latex
wristwatch	PartOf	watch
flute	AtLocation	orchestra
ice	IsA	solid
cat	AtLocation	roof
rose	HasProperty	red
milk	UsedFor	drink
auditorium	AtLocation	high school
pig	ReceivesAction	eat
b	PartOf	alphabet
stone	UsedFor	throw
statistic	IsA	number
milk	IsA	liquid
water	ReceivesAction	boil
nerve	AtLocation	body
duck	IsA	bird
homosexual	AtLocation	closet
see	UsedFor	saw
god	IsA	omnipotent
violin	IsA	musical instrument
skateboard	UsedFor	fun
ohm	IsA	measurement
cherry	IsA	fruit
love	IsA	aphrodisiac
tick	IsA	arachnid
universe	IsA	everything
bed	AtLocation	room
lie	UsedFor	manipulate
wheat	AtLocation	mill
penicillin	IsA	antibiotic
mass	AtLocation	church
sound	CreatedBy	vibration
tablespoon	IsA	measurement
teacher	AtLocation	classroom
musician	AtLocation	band
medal	IsA	reward
apple juice	HasProperty	delicious
sun	IsA	star
perform	HasSubevent	act
water	AtLocation	pond
broom	AtLocation	closet
cat	Desires	nap
matter	HasA	mass
government	HasProperty	corrupt
dick	HasProperty	cock
literature	UsedFor	read
shirt	UsedFor	wear
doll	HasProperty	fun
grape	HasProperty	green
pear	HasProperty	sweet
soup	AtLocation	can
milk	HasA	water
wrench	AtLocation	toolbox
child	CapableOf	love
classroom	UsedFor	teach
evergreen	IsA	tree
raven	CapableOf	fly
seesaw	AtLocation	playground
midnight	PartOf	day
stork	IsA	bird
star	IsA	sun
religion	IsA	faith
mozart	IsA	composer
man	UsedFor	sex
violin	AtLocation	orchestra
fruit	AtLocation	tree
voice	AtLocation	radio
instrument	AtLocation	orchestra
lock	AtLocation	door
sex	AtLocation	bedroom
chemist	AtLocation	lab
prisoner	AtLocation	cell
snot	AtLocation	nose
grenade	AtLocation	war
flower	IsA	plant
apple	AtLocation	ipod
ice cube	AtLocation	freezer
paper	UsedFor	draw
life	HasProperty	good
thyroid	IsA	gland
mother	IsA	woman
music	HasProperty	soothe
liver	PartOf	body
patron	AtLocation	library
sauce	PartOf	pizza
pavement	HasProperty	hard
power	ReceivesAction	control
comedy	HasProperty	funny
emu	AtLocation	zoo
water	HasProperty	wet
lion	IsA	cat
apple	HasA	core
ocean	HasA	water
penguin	SymbolOf	linux
paper	AtLocation	notebook
apple	HasA	stem
stapler	UsedFor	staple
rag	UsedFor	clean
cloth	UsedFor	clothe
flannel	IsA	fabric
murder	HasProperty	bad
uncle	PartOf	family
heat	HasProperty	warm
soap	UsedFor	clean
lsd	IsA	drug
tin	IsA	metal
kitty	HasProperty	cute
bone	ReceivesAction	break
gambler	NotDesires	lose
grill	UsedFor	cook
vibrator	IsA	toy
think	Causes	idea
christmas	PartOf	december
bomb	IsA	explosive
blanket	HasProperty	soft
pumpkin	IsA	gourd
cup	MadeOf	glass
follicle	PartOf	hair
fruit	HasProperty	healthy
root	AtLocation	tree
fear	CausesDesire	run
cup	AtLocation	drink
cold	AtLocation	refrigerator
love	CausesDesire	kiss
razor	AtLocation	shower
matter	MadeOf	particle
g	PartOf	alphabet
alcohol	AtLocation	wine
champagne	HasA	bubble
sweden	PartOf	scandinavia
marijuana	UsedFor	smoke
lobe	PartOf	ear
serotonin	IsA	neurotransmitter
ketchup	HasPrerequisite	tomato
toad	IsA	amphibian
paperwork	AtLocation	office
tire	CapableOf	roll
river	AtLocation	waterfall
sky	AtLocation	outside
money	AtLocation	bank
toothpaste	AtLocation	tube
tile	AtLocation	floor
book	AtLocation	shelf
rest	HasSubevent	sleep
globe	IsA	map
sugar	HasProperty	sweet
bread	IsA	pastry
cartoon	AtLocation	television
paper	HasProperty	white
book	HasA	information
logic	AtLocation	computer
fart	HasPrerequisite	gas
pot	MadeOf	soil
prune	IsA	plum
air	HasA	oxygen
penis	PartOf	male
beaker	AtLocation	lab
penguin	AtLocation	sea
water	AtLocation	kettle
sand	AtLocation	grind
radio	UsedFor	listen
feather	AtLocation	bird
mammal	IsA	animal
stuff	IsA	thing
shelf	AtLocation	closet
work	Causes	stress
home	IsA	comfort
music	HasProperty	beautiful
bureaucracy	AtLocation	government
person	NotDesires	louse
dunce	AtLocation	corner
plunger	UsedFor	toilet
kangaroo	IsA	animal
flower	HasProperty	green
water	AtLocation	spring
tea	ReceivesAction	brew
fiddle	Causes	music
marjoram	IsA	herb
wrestle	IsA	sport
face	PartOf	clock
planet	AtLocation	space
iron	IsA	metal
movie	AtLocation	theater
bedroom	HasA	bed
continent	MadeOf	country
tickle	HasFirstSubevent	laugh
suicide	Causes	death
birthday	Causes	party
shotgun	IsA	gun
scandal	AtLocation	newspaper
bridge	IsA	structure
winner	HasProperty	happy
problem	ReceivesAction	solve
politics	Causes	ideology
seat	AtLocation	theater
supper	IsA	meal
hour	HasProperty	late
black and white	IsA	opposite
house	NotIsA	home
marsh	AtLocation	florida
pistol	UsedFor	kill
bowl	HasProperty	round
chat	Causes	converse
fizz	AtLocation	soda
kitten	DefinedAs	young cat
white	IsA	colour
pray	HasPrerequisite	kneel
health	HasPrerequisite	exercise
fart	Causes	stink
fruit	HasProperty	edible
dagger	UsedFor	cut
pit	IsA	seed
story	HasProperty	fictional
ball	CapableOf	roll
boxer	CapableOf	punch
bike	UsedFor	ride
oz	AtLocation	rainbow
rake	IsA	garden tool
faucet	AtLocation	sink
tangerine	HasProperty	orange
baseball	HasPrerequisite	ball
period	AtLocation	woman
house	HasProperty	big
appearance	HasProperty	deceptive
semen	AtLocation	penis
gasoline	IsA	liquid
finger	IsA	digit
minister	UsedFor	preach
w	PartOf	alphabet
swim	UsedFor	exercise
kangaroo	Desires	jump
heart	HasProperty	red
pill	IsA	drug
park	IsA	place
wall	AtLocation	corner
baseball	HasProperty	round
milk	AtLocation	carton
work	Causes	frustration
drink	AtLocation	restaurant
cook	MotivatedByGoal	eat
fortune	AtLocation	cookie
sermon	PartOf	church service
eye	ReceivesAction	blue
disease	AtLocation	hospital
ocean	AtLocation	beach
music	MadeOf	sound
rock	AtLocation	mountain
leg	IsA	body part
woodwind	IsA	instrument
book	PartOf	library
stop	AtLocation	telegraph
cannon	UsedFor	war
eraser	UsedFor	erase
horse	Desires	carrot
music	HasProperty	relax
candle	UsedFor	light
music	HasProperty	entertain
german	IsA	language
neighbour	AtLocation	next door
hat	UsedFor	wear
stair	AtLocation	house
bird	HasProperty	sing
verandah	IsA	porch
knee	PartOf	leg
war	ReceivesAction	wage
comfort	AtLocation	home
news	AtLocation	tv
piccolo	AtLocation	orchestra
chocolate	IsA	food
water	AtLocation	pipe
nightclub	UsedFor	drink
capital	AtLocation	country
trash	UsedFor	take out
actor	AtLocation	movie
fence	IsA	border
number	AtLocation	calculator
ice	UsedFor	drink
backgammon	IsA	board game
baby	HasProperty	fussy
food	AtLocation	shop
blanket	HasProperty	cozy
ninja	IsA	fighter
drink	HasProperty	fluid
kangaroo	AtLocation	australia
world	NotHasProperty	flat
p	PartOf	alphabet
phone	CapableOf	ring
computer	HasA	monitor
bus	IsA	vehicle
token	IsA	symbol
elephant	IsA	mammal
ocean	UsedFor	fish
house	HasA	floor
common sense	IsA	nonsense
horn	UsedFor	jazz
wine	IsA	beverage
chicken	AtLocation	soup
toy	AtLocation	store
lie	UsedFor	fraud
toy	AtLocation	floor
book	AtLocation	library
two	IsA	number
sword	HasProperty	sharp
bird	AtLocation	binoculars
fatigue	CausesDesire	rest
river	AtLocation	bridge
yellow	IsA	colour
celebrate	UsedFor	party
kill	AtLocation	war
learn	LocationOfAction	school
virus	Causes	cold
paperclip	AtLocation	desk
urine	HasProperty	yellow
moon	HasProperty	round
ballet	AtLocation	theater
trophy	SymbolOf	victory
action	HasPrerequisite	motion
optimism	HasProperty	good
teenager	NotDesires	pimple
sheep	IsA	mammal
idea	PartOf	philosophy
author	PartOf	book
card	UsedFor	credit
chipmunk	Desires	nut
chip	MadeOf	silicon
bakery	AtLocation	bread
shampoo	IsA	soap
wheat	RelatedTo	health
llama	IsA	animal
woodworking	IsA	hobby
cellar	IsA	house
world	MadeOf	country
superman	CapableOf	fly
engine	PartOf	lawnmower
forgiveness	AtLocation	confession
dolphin	AtLocation	ocean
chapter	PartOf	story
swing	IsA	dance
hair	PartOf	dog
comet	AtLocation	universe
cup	HasA	liquid
sitcom	AtLocation	television
show	AtLocation	theatre
stair	HasA	rail
animal	AtLocation	wild
antler	PartOf	deer
water	AtLocation	snow
alcohol	HasProperty	fun
sky	HasProperty	cloudy
porch	UsedFor	relax
surprise	IsA	emotion
iguana	PartOf	animal
feather	UsedFor	dust
lightning	HasProperty	bright
paint	UsedFor	decorate
horse	AtLocation	stall
whine	UsedFor	baby
duck	HasSubevent	crouch
testimony	PartOf	trial
spain	PartOf	europe
chapel	UsedFor	pray
fish	AtLocation	aquarium
pant	IsA	trouser
moon	AtLocation	space
priest	AtLocation	confession
blueberry	IsA	fruit
earth	DefinedAs	world
read	HasPrerequisite	book
celebrate	HasPrerequisite	party
laugh	HasSubevent	smile
hay	UsedFor	horse
horse	IsA	equine
dinner	AtLocation	table
house	CapableOf	burn
swimmer	AtLocation	lake
cat	CapableOf	scratch
kiss	HasPrerequisite	flirt
screw	IsA	fastener
fish	HasPrerequisite	bait
carpet	AtLocation	room
cake	IsA	dessert
material	AtLocation	construction
column	AtLocation	spreadsheet
accordion	IsA	instrument
flute	IsA	woodwind
sunshine	AtLocation	moon
sprinkler	AtLocation	lawn
garden	PartOf	house
water	AtLocation	soup
milky way	AtLocation	space
piano	IsA	instrument
game	AtLocation	casino
sunset	HasProperty	romantic
silk	HasProperty	smooth
body	AtLocation	grave
harmonica	IsA	instrument
confetti	UsedFor	throw
gopher	IsA	mammal
verb	IsA	word
pillow	UsedFor	sleep
exercise	HasProperty	fun
chinese	IsA	language
beaker	AtLocation	laboratory
coleslaw	IsA	salad
color	HasProperty	blue
wood	HasProperty	hard
soprano	IsA	woman
knife	HasPrerequisite	sharpen
type	Causes	letter
blood	AtLocation	hospital
fire	Causes	ash
cake	UsedFor	celebrate
corn	IsA	vegetable
garbage	UsedFor	recycle
bull	HasA	horn
sailboat	AtLocation	lake
elephant	IsA	animal
kiss	Causes	sex
bee	CapableOf	sting
grandmother	PartOf	family
helium	IsA	element
closet	HasProperty	dark
city	HasProperty	big
article	AtLocation	newspaper
fish	HasPrerequisite	water
hike	HasProperty	fun
athlete	CapableOf	sprint
needle	RelatedTo	thread
scale	AtLocation	reptile
robin hood	AtLocation	sherwood forest
person	IsA	hypocrite
coffee	HasProperty	black
equality	HasProperty	good
money	ReceivesAction	lose
europe	IsA	continent
tomato	IsA	vegetable
demonstration	HasSubevent	explain
archery	IsA	sport
banana	IsA	fruit
panda	IsA	bear
memorize	HasFirstSubevent	study
rat	IsA	rodent
picture	AtLocation	book
soda	IsA	beverage
study	HasSubevent	enlightenment
neuron	PartOf	nervous system
sleeve	PartOf	shirt
trash	AtLocation	bin
food	AtLocation	freezer
change	HasPrerequisite	difference
walk	HasPrerequisite	leg
ice	UsedFor	cool
medicine	AtLocation	cabinet
calculator	UsedFor	mathematics
ear	CapableOf	hear
cancer	HasProperty	bad
lamp	AtLocation	table
azure	IsA	blue
murder	HasProperty	illegal
nightclub	UsedFor	party
hour	PartOf	day
grass	HasProperty	green
revolver	UsedFor	fire
soap	AtLocation	sink
apple pie	HasProperty	delicious
beanie	IsA	hat
sandwich	IsA	meal
sorrow	IsA	emotion
smile	PartOf	service
winter	RelatedTo	snow
theft	IsA	crime
gamble	AtLocation	casino
napkin	AtLocation	table
sleep	UsedFor	recover
cat	HasProperty	fuzzy
solar system	HasA	planet
mouse	AtLocation	keyboard
oxygen	CreatedBy	plant
reindeer	IsA	animal
job	Causes	stress
butter	AtLocation	pastry
knee	IsA	joint
java	IsA	island
human	IsA	ape
slide	AtLocation	park
pub	AtLocation	london
pot	UsedFor	stir
bullet	UsedFor	shoot
communicate	HasPrerequisite	speak
house	HasProperty	white
water	HasProperty	blue
spider	IsA	arachnid
steam	HasProperty	hot
star	AtLocation	sky
column	HasProperty	straight
dictionary	IsA	book
cat	HasProperty	furry
bus	AtLocation	city
marriage	SymbolOf	love
spade	IsA	tool
house	HasA	window
broom	UsedFor	sweep
period	AtLocation	school
sheet	UsedFor	bed
rule	ReceivesAction	break
foyer	PartOf	house
scale	AtLocation	fish
game	HasA	outcome
train	UsedFor	learn
college	IsA	school
pretend	HasPrerequisite	imagination
cerulean	IsA	blue
company	DesireOf	employee
monster	AtLocation	bed
bat	CapableOf	fly
boat	InheritsFrom	submarine
study	HasSubevent	learn
mother	PartOf	family
space	DefinedAs	future
wheat	UsedFor	harvest
sick	AtLocation	hospital
doctor	UsedFor	illness
die	InheritsFrom	kill
school	UsedFor	teach
calculator	UsedFor	add
cow	AtLocation	pasture
cat	IsA	carnivore
tree	AtLocation	forest
sick	AtLocation	bed
flamingo	IsA	bird
toy	AtLocation	baby
girl	Desires	talk
grass	AtLocation	field
wine	AtLocation	italy
cook	HasPrerequisite	prepare
finger	UsedFor	point
printer	AtLocation	office
authority	SymbolOf	power
plate	AtLocation	table
air	AtLocation	lung
salt	IsA	spice
dentist	AtLocation	office
good	ReceivesAction	buy
bullet	UsedFor	kill
light source	AtLocation	light bulb
dog	CapableOf	shed
commercial	AtLocation	television
human	HasA	body
scissor	HasProperty	sharp
jet	CapableOf	take off
dot	IsA	point
bed	UsedFor	sex
fork	UsedFor	eat
science fiction	IsA	genre
purple	IsA	colour
saw	IsA	tool
perch	IsA	fish
puppy	IsA	animal
iron	CapableOf	rust
wood	HasProperty	brown
senior	AtLocation	high school
garage	AtLocation	house
button	HasProperty	press
house	HasA	furniture
supermarket	HasA	food
snow	HasProperty	cold
basket	IsA	container
employee	AtLocation	office
trout	IsA	fish
dish	UsedFor	eat
water	AtLocation	fish tank
