deck	AtLocation	backyard
baby	CapableOf	nurse
grill	AtLocation	oven
learn	AtLocation	school
metal	HasProperty	hard
heat	HasProperty	warm
remote control	AtLocation	tv
egg	CreatedBy	hen
software	CreatedBy	programmer
multiplication	IsA	arithmetic
projectile	UsedFor	throw
ribbon	AtLocation	typewriter
potato	IsA	legume
ad	AtLocation	newspaper
pepsi	IsA	coke
horseshoe	MadeOf	metal
land	AtLocation	countryside
scale	UsedFor	balance
tea	IsA	drink
sun	HasProperty	hot
soap	UsedFor	clean
car	InheritsFrom	motorcycle
lubrication	MadeOf	oil
brother	IsA	male
nature	HasProperty	beautiful
grill	UsedFor	cook
toothbrush	AtLocation	mouth
owl	HasA	eye
automobile	AtLocation	road
salt	HasProperty	salty
hair	AtLocation	skin
tango	IsA	dance
computer	IsA	tool
exercise	HasSubevent	pain
computer	UsedFor	print
toilet paper	UsedFor	bathroom
dog	CapableOf	eat
pigskin	DefinedAs	football
paper	ReceivesAction	read
cannonball	AtLocation	cannon
sand	IsA	soil
boat	AtLocation	river
roast	AtLocation	oven
voice	AtLocation	song
airplane	AtLocation	sky
magazine	MadeOf	paper
theory	ReceivesAction	debunk
nose	UsedFor	smell
pen	AtLocation	desk
teacher	Desires	attention
house	HasProperty	paint
meat	HasProperty	dead
wife	AtLocation	house
metal	HasProperty	shiny
airport	UsedFor	airplane
jelly	AtLocation	jar
teacher	CapableOf	encourage
roller coaster	HasProperty	fast
hand	PartOf	arm
wrestle	HasSubevent	grapple
desert	IsA	terrain
coffee	HasProperty	hot
nail	MadeOf	steel
morphine	IsA	sedative
finger	CapableOf	point
beam	AtLocation	ceiling
scarf	HasProperty	warm
stall	UsedFor	horse
pretend	HasPrerequisite	act
rifle	UsedFor	kill
violin	IsA	fiddle
brother	HasProperty	male
house	UsedFor	sale
key	AtLocation	house
computer	PartOf	network
land	UsedFor	farm
desk	IsA	table
chocolate	HasProperty	sweet
fireman	HasProperty	sexy
serotonin	IsA	neurotransmitter
queen	IsA	monarch
eraser	AtLocation	school
earth	AtLocation	sun
vanilla	IsA	ice cream
computer	HasPrerequisite	electricity
kangaroo	CapableOf	jump
grasshopper	AtLocation	grass
cake	AtLocation	oven
mortgage	MotivatedByGoal	house
egg	HasProperty	round
eat	HasPrerequisite	chew
walnut	IsA	nut
fuel	AtLocation	plane
river	AtLocation	waterfall
coke	IsA	soda
dog	AtLocation	house
mother	HasProperty	female
typewriter	HasProperty	noisy
teacher	CapableOf	demonstrate
pike	IsA	fish
camel	AtLocation	desert
matter	HasA	weight
tank	MadeOf	metal
wednesday	IsA	weekday
boat	UsedFor	fish
cook	HasPrerequisite	ingredient
gate	UsedFor	close
engine	AtLocation	plane
zombie	IsA	monster
judaism	IsA	religion
home	AtLocation	city
dna	CapableOf	replicate
decade	PartOf	century
write	HasPrerequisite	paper
clothe	AtLocation	house
shadow	HasProperty	dark
matter	AtLocation	universe
best friend	IsA	friend
computer	UsedFor	information
cake	UsedFor	eat
cook	HasSubevent	fry
seaweed	AtLocation	beach
corn	AtLocation	acre
universe	HasProperty	wide
dance	HasSubevent	move
metal	IsA	element
pretend	HasFirstSubevent	imagine
snowboard	IsA	sport
newspaper	ReceivesAction	read
hole	AtLocation	wall
horse	HasA	hair
mouse	AtLocation	computer
dust	AtLocation	desert
lion	UsedFor	safari
typewriter	HasPrerequisite	ink
mouth	CapableOf	speak
pot	MadeOf	soil
city	AtLocation	county
airplane	HasA	wing
coffee	UsedFor	drink
cash register	AtLocation	shop
camera	HasA	flash
tooth	PartOf	mouth
punch	IsA	attack
shark	AtLocation	movie
elbow	UsedFor	bend
steak	HasProperty	eat
grill	AtLocation	backyard
aisle	AtLocation	plane
house	HasA	basement
spaceship	AtLocation	space
home	AtLocation	neighborhood
sing	HasPrerequisite	voice
ice cream	HasProperty	sweet
hostility	HasProperty	aggression
fast	Causes	hunger
person	Desires	mean
prop	AtLocation	stage
geek	AtLocation	school
trophy	HasProperty	shiny
sport	UsedFor	exercise
politician	CapableOf	lie
read	HasSubevent	learn
airplane	HasA	propeller
coffee	IsA	stimulant
lie	UsedFor	rest
candle	AtLocation	dark
shower	IsA	rain
paint	AtLocation	wall
bottle	IsA	vessel
computer	AtLocation	desk
audience	AtLocation	movie
space	IsA	vacuum
car	HasA	radio
shirt	IsA	clothe
cartoon	RelatedTo	animation
shelf	AtLocation	wall
toilet paper	AtLocation	bathroom
pen	AtLocation	paper
chocolate	IsA	sweet
badminton	IsA	sport
wrestle	IsA	sport
coffee	AtLocation	cafe
fuel	UsedFor	energy
pecan	IsA	nut
ink	AtLocation	pen
outdoors	HasProperty	beautiful
sponge	UsedFor	clean
actor	CapableOf	pretend
champagne	HasA	alcohol
type	Causes	text
wife	HasProperty	female
sheet	PartOf	bed
gold	HasProperty	shiny
egg	UsedFor	eat
mother	CapableOf	worry
flower	PartOf	bush
album	MadeOf	vinyl
person	HasProperty	mean
lose	PartOf	game
read	MotivatedByGoal	learn
bagpipe	AtLocation	scotland
lock	UsedFor	protect
first day of week	IsA	monday
cod	IsA	fish
sun	UsedFor	heat
baby	CapableOf	cry
mumps	IsA	disease
toothbrush	AtLocation	dentist
nail	PartOf	finger
aisle	PartOf	store
car	AtLocation	town
wing	PartOf	airplane
cake	UsedFor	decorate
airplane	CapableOf	flight
oil	AtLocation	engine
daughter	IsA	offspring
smoke	HasSubevent	cough
key	UsedFor	lock
butterfly	HasA	wing
catfish	UsedFor	eat
sun	Causes	heat
dog	CapableOf	growl
atheism	IsA	religion
tack	AtLocation	wall
horseshoe	IsA	game
lion	CapableOf	roar
rainbow	HasProperty	beautiful
tuba	IsA	musical instrument
pot	AtLocation	pan
gold	HasA	value
night	SymbolOf	rest
uncle	HasProperty	male
artichoke	IsA	vegetable
eat	HasPrerequisite	cook
student	NotDesires	teacher
supper	IsA	meal
blood	AtLocation	artery
shelf	AtLocation	cupboard
bat	HasA	wing
orbit	HasProperty	round
earth	AtLocation	milky way
credit card	AtLocation	wallet
smoker	CapableOf	smoke
arsenic	HasProperty	poisonous
microwave	UsedFor	cook
cup	AtLocation	drink
house	NotIsA	home
plane	IsA	vehicle
spear	UsedFor	hunt
lock	AtLocation	gate
square	IsA	rectangle
grill	IsA	cook
critic	AtLocation	movie
ethanol	IsA	alcohol
cannonball	UsedFor	cannon
tickle	Causes	giggle
orange	HasProperty	juicy
class	AtLocation	school
native american	SymbolOf	reservation
submarine	InheritsFrom	fish
fin	PartOf	whale
viola	IsA	musical instrument
crab	AtLocation	sand
popeye	IsA	cartoon
hunger	Causes	starvation
blackboard	AtLocation	school
advertise	AtLocation	newspaper
atheism	NotIsA	religion
honey	AtLocation	jar
suite	AtLocation	hotel
person	HasProperty	selfish
auditorium	UsedFor	lecture
horn	HasProperty	gold
rock	HasProperty	hard
steel	HasProperty	hard
saxophone	IsA	woodwind
flounder	IsA	fish
city	IsA	place
faucet	AtLocation	bathroom
read	IsA	learn
rectangle	IsA	shape
denim	UsedFor	jean
pot	IsA	vessel
cricket	IsA	sport
soap	AtLocation	shower
friend	AtLocation	school
tenor	UsedFor	sing
methanol	IsA	alcohol
preacher	CapableOf	preach
dalmatian	IsA	dog
mouse	IsA	computer
map	UsedFor	locate
toner	AtLocation	copier
pike	AtLocation	river
boat	UsedFor	sail
rake	IsA	garden tool
tower	AtLocation	castle
horse	HasProperty	beautiful
nothing	HasProperty	useless
metal	HasProperty	cold
key	AtLocation	lock
religion	AtLocation	cathedral
frog	CapableOf	jump
chocolate	IsA	ice cream
cloth	HasProperty	weave
teapot	HasA	spout
leg	UsedFor	stand
tv	ReceivesAction	watch
trout	UsedFor	eat
scotland	IsA	place
house	HasProperty	big
sport	HasProperty	competitive
appearance	HasProperty	deceptive
soap	AtLocation	bathroom
twelve	IsA	number
finger	IsA	digit
verb	PartOf	sentence
airplane	AtLocation	airport
bullet	UsedFor	murder
nail	PartOf	house
sunshine	AtLocation	beach
act	CausesDesire	pretend
someone	AtLocation	somewhere
tub	UsedFor	bathe
human	InheritsFrom	person
limbo	IsA	dance
kangaroo	Desires	jump
universe	HasProperty	immense
finger	AtLocation	hand
reflection	AtLocation	mirror
mouth	CapableOf	chew
comedy	NotHasProperty	funny
you	PartOf	we
wall	AtLocation	corner
essay	IsA	text
watch	MadeOf	gold
memory	PartOf	computer
eat	HasSubevent	burp
champagne	IsA	alcohol
cupcake	IsA	cake
igloo	IsA	house
mouse	AtLocation	hole
someone	AtLocation	vague
chocolate	HasProperty	bitter
cook	MotivatedByGoal	eat
guilt	PartOf	crime
boat	HasA	sail
voice	AtLocation	telephone
key	MadeOf	metal
taxi	IsA	car
towel	AtLocation	hotel
bazaar	IsA	marketplace
cake	IsA	pastry
salt	IsA	season
oven	UsedFor	cook
cake	ReceivesAction	cook
curry	HasProperty	spicy
paper clip	AtLocation	desk
beach	HasA	sand
titanic	InstanceOf	movie
sing	Causes	happiness
orange	IsA	citrus
ink	UsedFor	print
palm	PartOf	hand
land	PartOf	earth
avenue	IsA	road
gate	AtLocation	fence
rock	AtLocation	moon
three	IsA	number
dentist	IsA	doctor
monday	IsA	weekday
fin	PartOf	fish
thumb	PartOf	hand
brunch	IsA	meal
priest	CapableOf	preach
memory	AtLocation	computer
alto	UsedFor	sing
nose	AtLocation	mouth
dance	IsA	motion
typewriter	HasA	ribbon
towel	AtLocation	bathroom
flower	AtLocation	countryside
wrestle	UsedFor	sport
earth	HasA	gravity
exercise	Causes	diet
chorus	CapableOf	sing
pulpit	UsedFor	preach
airplane	UsedFor	flight
trigger	PartOf	gun
volleyball	IsA	sport
news	AtLocation	tv
wall	HasProperty	vertical
ten	IsA	number
mouth	UsedFor	speak
murder	IsA	crime
nylon	AtLocation	rope
engine	PartOf	automobile
tarmac	AtLocation	airport
popcorn	AtLocation	movie
potato	IsA	vegetable
remote control	IsA	device
thing	IsA	object
orbit	AtLocation	space
bunny	Desires	hop
camera	UsedFor	photography
sun	HasProperty	round
cheesecake	IsA	cake
fry	IsA	cook
hair	UsedFor	warmth
auditorium	PartOf	school
mouse	PartOf	computer
ride	AtLocation	theme park
queen	IsA	ruler
sun	AtLocation	universe
actor	AtLocation	movie
religion	AtLocation	synagogue
sunshine	HasProperty	warm
someone	CapableOf	kill
computer	CapableOf	compute
sky	AtLocation	rainbow
gun	HasA	trigger
heat	IsA	energy
soap	UsedFor	smell
gas	UsedFor	burp
resident	AtLocation	apartment
salmon	IsA	fish
baby	HasProperty	fussy
house	IsA	build
eight	IsA	number
referee	AtLocation	football
dust	AtLocation	shelf
daffodil	IsA	flower
staircase	AtLocation	house
marble	HasProperty	round
token	AtLocation	arcade
football	NotHasProperty	round
paper	UsedFor	write
it	HasA	wing
galaxy	AtLocation	space
tea	AtLocation	cupboard
shower	AtLocation	bathroom
sitcom	IsA	tv show
typewriter	UsedFor	type
necessity	DefinedAs	mother of invention
anime	IsA	animation
pad	UsedFor	mouse
nostril	IsA	hole
dog	IsA	wolf
car	CapableOf	stall
cartoon	HasProperty	funny
hurricane	IsA	storm
shark	AtLocation	tank
spinach	IsA	vegetable
baby	HasProperty	bald
universe	HasProperty	expand
horn	UsedFor	jazz
computer	UsedFor	compute
quill	UsedFor	write
board game	IsA	game
sail	PartOf	sailboat
wall	AtLocation	build
house	HasProperty	build
hole	HasProperty	round
crab	IsA	seafood
bbq	AtLocation	backyard
lie	UsedFor	fraud
stepladder	IsA	ladder
pot	HasA	flower
computer	HasA	mouse
machine gun	UsedFor	kill
fbi	HasProperty	federal bureau of investigation
queen	UsedFor	chess
eyeshadow	IsA	makeup
metal	HasProperty	strong
land	AtLocation	earth
cook	HasLastSubevent	eat
hallway	AtLocation	house
sand	AtLocation	desert
teacher	CapableOf	educate
rain	HasProperty	wet
bullet	UsedFor	projectile
notebook	AtLocation	class
trumpet	IsA	musical instrument
coffee	HasProperty	bitter
thirty	IsA	number
mosquito	IsA	insect
stall	AtLocation	bathroom
beach	HasProperty	sandy
pepsi	IsA	soda
lie	Causes	guilt
grasshopper	IsA	insect
read	Causes	learn
performer	AtLocation	stage
galaxy	PartOf	universe
art	HasProperty	beautiful
tack	AtLocation	cork board
fish	AtLocation	boat
rag	UsedFor	wipe
steak	UsedFor	eat
piston	PartOf	engine
lunch	IsA	meal
chocolate	UsedFor	eat
spoon	UsedFor	eat
learn	LocationOfAction	school
helium	AtLocation	sun
table	AtLocation	corner
accordion	IsA	musical instrument
car	HasA	engine
happiness	CausesDesire	sing
deck	AtLocation	boat
august	IsA	month
horn	UsedFor	beep
mum	IsA	flower
moon	HasProperty	round
player	PartOf	team
manager	AtLocation	store
clean	HasSubevent	dust
engine	PartOf	car
trophy	SymbolOf	victory
cell	PartOf	tissue
ride	AtLocation	fair
student	Desires	learn
person	NotDesires	irritation
product	ReceivesAction	sell
horseshoe	HasProperty	lucky
chocolate	HasProperty	edible
system	AtLocation	computer
horn	AtLocation	car
bed	CausesDesire	rest
storm	UsedFor	rain
coke	InstanceOf	soft drink
champagne	HasProperty	bubbly
backyard	AtLocation	house
refuse	AtLocation	dump
teacher	Desires	teach
cake	HasProperty	sweet
syringe	AtLocation	doctor
wall	PartOf	house
developer	IsA	programmer
coffee	IsA	drink
horn	UsedFor	blow
chipmunk	Desires	nut
chip	MadeOf	silicon
horse	UsedFor	ride
cricket	IsA	game
hike	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
nothing	HasProperty	free
earth	AtLocation	space
sun	UsedFor	energy
oil	IsA	fuel
bathroom	AtLocation	soap
chalkboard	AtLocation	school
smoke	HasProperty	unhealthy
home	IsA	house
symmetry	HasProperty	beautiful
satellite	AtLocation	space
nostril	PartOf	nose
art	IsA	beauty
person	AtLocation	human
moon	IsA	sphere
basement	IsA	house
dog	HasProperty	friendly
toilet paper	UsedFor	wipe
read	UsedFor	learn
kill	UsedFor	murder
mouth	CapableOf	breath
notebook	IsA	computer
schizophrenia	IsA	mental illness
someone	AtLocation	friend
happiness	IsA	state of mind
paris	AtLocation	france
satellite	AtLocation	orbit
paint	UsedFor	art
clerk	AtLocation	shop
earth	AtLocation	orbit
alcohol	UsedFor	drink
meat	UsedFor	meal
photography	IsA	art
swing	IsA	dance
baby	Desires	suck
car	AtLocation	road
quill	IsA	feather
tooth	AtLocation	mouth
basement	PartOf	house
handgun	UsedFor	murder
clean	Causes	dust
plane	AtLocation	sky
leg	PartOf	table
molecule	MadeOf	atom
eat	HasSubevent	bite
african	IsA	continent
ruler	UsedFor	measure
doe	IsA	female deer
cheat	PartOf	affair
hatchet	IsA	tool
place	AtLocation	town
hair	PartOf	dog
agony	IsA	pain
space	HasProperty	dark
butterfly	IsA	insect
credit card	UsedFor	shop
catfish	IsA	fish
steak	IsA	meat
coffee	HasProperty	refresh
pepsi	IsA	drink
wall	PartOf	structure
luggage	AtLocation	airplane
cartoon	AtLocation	newspaper
sand	AtLocation	hourglass
cemetery	HasA	tombstone
zombie	AtLocation	movie
aluminum	IsA	metal
dog	Desires	eat
galaxy	AtLocation	universe
sardine	IsA	fish
nail	MadeOf	metal
ovary	PartOf	female
edinburgh	PartOf	scotland
joke	HasProperty	funny
weasel	HasProperty	sneaky
river	UsedFor	fish
ammunition	AtLocation	gun
principal	AtLocation	school
rose	IsA	flower
stream	AtLocation	river
north korea	PartOf	korea
moon	AtLocation	sky
baby	CapableOf	giggle
disk	HasProperty	round
hike	UsedFor	exercise
crab	AtLocation	beach
judge	AtLocation	courtroom
ink	AtLocation	squid
medal	MadeOf	metal
trombone	IsA	musical instrument
print	AtLocation	paper
oboe	IsA	woodwind
catholic	IsA	christianity
factory	UsedFor	manufacture
tool	HasProperty	useful
sky	HasProperty	cloudy
spite	UsedFor	anger
fish	InheritsFrom	submarine
beagle	IsA	dog
neutron	PartOf	atom
feather	UsedFor	dust
geek	HasProperty	intelligent
tea	HasProperty	hot
hotel	HasA	lobby
nature	HasProperty	serene
paint	UsedFor	decorate
spoon	UsedFor	stir
lie	UsedFor	cheat
horse	AtLocation	stall
car	CapableOf	slow down
gas	ReceivesAction	compress
gas	MadeOf	oil
ceiling	HasProperty	paint
whine	UsedFor	baby
lawyer	AtLocation	courtroom
potato	AtLocation	dirt
egg	UsedFor	scramble
polo	IsA	sport
advert	AtLocation	magazine
tuberculosis	IsA	disease
rider	AtLocation	car
kill	IsA	crime
moon	AtLocation	space
lie	UsedFor	manipulation
mouse	AtLocation	house
cake	UsedFor	birthday
shark	InheritsFrom	fish
squirrel	Desires	nut
lesbian	IsA	sexuality
miner	AtLocation	underground
dog	AtLocation	leash
fist	UsedFor	punch
galaxy	HasProperty	big
drink	AtLocation	cup
hay	UsedFor	horse
leg	IsA	limb
bell	ReceivesAction	rung
horse	IsA	equine
beauty	AtLocation	waterfall
eleven	IsA	number
space	AtLocation	sky
engine	PartOf	aeroplane
dance	HasPrerequisite	movement
fish	HasPrerequisite	bait
sky	UsedFor	rain
football	IsA	game
salt	UsedFor	season
slow down	HasSubevent	take it easy
roommate	AtLocation	apartment
sailboat	HasA	sail
coffee	AtLocation	cup
information	AtLocation	newspaper
steak	ReceivesAction	grill
paper	AtLocation	shelf
school	HasA	blackboard
mineral	AtLocation	earth
meat	IsA	murder
game	IsA	activity
robbery	IsA	crime
smoke	HasSubevent	inhale
mirror	AtLocation	wall
shadow	NotHasProperty	dark
learn	AtLocation	class
teenager	AtLocation	high school
pretend	HasSubevent	act
sunshine	AtLocation	moon
fish	AtLocation	stream
polo	IsA	game
tombstone	AtLocation	cemetery
lawn	IsA	grass
document	IsA	paper
person	HasProperty	human
potato	UsedFor	eat
lipstick	AtLocation	purse
hospitality	AtLocation	hotel
characteristic	AtLocation	person
house	IsA	home
sitcom	AtLocation	tv
christianity	IsA	religion
towel	UsedFor	clean
car	IsA	automobile
fish	AtLocation	tank
bar	UsedFor	drink
pirate	AtLocation	boat
hindsight	IsA	20 20
paper	UsedFor	origami
game	AtLocation	arcade
sky	HasProperty	dark
sentence	PartOf	speech
pain	IsA	symptom
meal	CreatedBy	cook
scale	PartOf	fish
hard drive	AtLocation	computer
gymnastics	IsA	sport
titanium	IsA	metal
house	IsA	shelter
leg	AtLocation	table
paint	AtLocation	shelf
leg	PartOf	spider
moon	MadeOf	rock
hair	AtLocation	brush
safety pin	IsA	fastener
hand	UsedFor	grab
note	AtLocation	notebook
write	HasPrerequisite	pen
basketball	HasProperty	round
ladybug	IsA	insect
hike	IsA	exercise
confetti	UsedFor	throw
saxophone	MadeOf	metal
soda	IsA	drink
shop	IsA	store
potato	UsedFor	cook
furnace	AtLocation	basement
dog	AtLocation	backyard
bell	AtLocation	school
clerk	AtLocation	store
arsenic	IsA	element
sand	HasProperty	gritty
lesbian	HasProperty	female
ham	IsA	meat
boat	IsA	vehicle
earth	NotHasProperty	round
mouth	CapableOf	eat
ice cream	HasProperty	cold
horse	IsA	jump
toothbrush	AtLocation	bathroom
hockey	IsA	game
jean	MadeOf	denim
tab	AtLocation	bar
corn	IsA	vegetable
bottle	IsA	container
salt	AtLocation	table
exercise	IsA	activity
arm	IsA	limb
overflow	UsedFor	flood
tentacle	IsA	appendage
cloth	UsedFor	clean
judge	IsA	lawyer
brush	UsedFor	paint
ice cream	IsA	desert
shark	IsA	fish
brook	UsedFor	fish
husband	UsedFor	wife
submarine	InheritsFrom	boat
congress	PartOf	legislature
helium	IsA	element
outfit	MadeOf	clothe
dart	HasProperty	pointy
boiler	PartOf	furnace
wing	PartOf	aeroplane
person	HasProperty	competitive
city	HasProperty	big
dentist	PartOf	doctor
badminton	IsA	game
hunger	CausesDesire	eat
steel	IsA	alloy
volleyball	AtLocation	beach
bed	UsedFor	rest
we	IsA	all
lie	NotHasProperty	true
dog	HasA	tail
eat	HasLastSubevent	burp
ice hockey	IsA	sport
coat	IsA	garment
movie star	AtLocation	hollywood
horse	ReceivesAction	ride
mastercard	IsA	credit card
steak	AtLocation	house
milky way	AtLocation	space
eraser	HasProperty	pink
person	IsA	hypocrite
basketball	PartOf	game
onion	IsA	vegetable
petrol	AtLocation	car
salt	AtLocation	shaker
vessel	IsA	container
whale	HasProperty	big
genocide	IsA	crime
knuckle	PartOf	finger
chimpanzee	IsA	monkey
hockey	IsA	sport
venison	IsA	meat
moon	IsA	satellite
finger	UsedFor	type
desert	HasProperty	sweet
heat	UsedFor	energy
grass	AtLocation	lawn
lightning	IsA	electricity
yacht	HasA	sail
object	IsA	thing
antler	IsA	horn
student	AtLocation	school
you	CapableOf	help
barrier	AtLocation	roadblock
barracuda	IsA	fish
wallet	AtLocation	purse
dna	IsA	molecule
potato	AtLocation	soil
garlic	IsA	ingredient
cafe	AtLocation	paris
rifle	UsedFor	hunt
fish	HasA	fin
clamp	IsA	tool
earth	HasProperty	round
house	HasA	lawn
merchandise	AtLocation	shop
dog	NotCapableOf	speak
marble	IsA	rock
baby	CausesDesire	tickle
square	IsA	shape
horn	IsA	musical instrument
cake	AtLocation	bakery
sleeve	PartOf	shirt
tooth	UsedFor	bite
nausea	AtLocation	boat
hotel	UsedFor	rest
gas	UsedFor	fuel
meatloaf	AtLocation	oven
candle	HasA	wick
drawback	IsA	disadvantage
summer	IsA	season
hotel	UsedFor	lodge
cold	AtLocation	refrigerator
taxi	AtLocation	city
murder	HasProperty	illegal
canada	HasProperty	cold
pulpit	UsedFor	preacher
fish	IsA	seafood
stage	AtLocation	auditorium
place	AtLocation	map
balance	IsA	scale
flask	UsedFor	drink
axe	IsA	tool
sun	HasProperty	warm
mathematics	AtLocation	school
motorcycle	IsA	vehicle
song	AtLocation	radio
wife	UsedFor	husband
sun	RelatedTo	moon
motorcycle	InheritsFrom	car
alcohol	Causes	hangover
wing	AtLocation	airplane
vase	AtLocation	table
horn	PartOf	car
chess	IsA	board game
racist	AtLocation	kkk
mouth	UsedFor	eat
space	IsA	eternity
cartoon	IsA	art
lightning	MadeOf	electricity
submarine	IsA	boat
teach	Causes	learn
salsa	IsA	dance
movie star	AtLocation	movie
horse	AtLocation	paddock
computer	RelatedTo	mouse
bullet	AtLocation	magazine
paper clip	MadeOf	metal
orange	ReceivesAction	squeeze
cash register	AtLocation	store
accommodation	AtLocation	hotel
drink	IsA	often
avenue	AtLocation	city
sphere	HasProperty	round
duster	UsedFor	dust
spray	AtLocation	waterfall
build	InheritsFrom	house
hot chocolate	HasProperty	sweet
scale	AtLocation	bathroom
disk	AtLocation	computer
steal	IsA	crime
husband	IsA	male
mineral	AtLocation	rock
austin	PartOf	texas
yacht	IsA	sailboat
unicycle	HasA	one wheel
dirt	AtLocation	rock
dog	HasA	hair
napkin	AtLocation	table
skin	MadeOf	cell
dna	AtLocation	cell
saxophone	UsedFor	blow
sun	Causes	sunburn
shower	UsedFor	bathe
fish	AtLocation	river
preserve	AtLocation	jar
cup	IsA	container
rope	AtLocation	boat
type	HasPrerequisite	finger
home	HasProperty	safe
coal	UsedFor	energy
person	IsA	human
castle	HasProperty	big
epidemic	IsA	disease
chocolate	ReceivesAction	eat
football	MadeOf	pigskin
folder	UsedFor	storage
hunt	HasProperty	kill
potato	AtLocation	farm
thumb	IsA	finger
grapefruit	HasProperty	bitter
gun	UsedFor	kill
pan	UsedFor	cook
pot	UsedFor	stir
organism	MadeOf	cell
gold	IsA	metal
mirror	AtLocation	reflection
escalator	AtLocation	store
eye	UsedFor	watch
bureaucrat	UsedFor	bureaucracy
class	PartOf	school
cup	IsA	vessel
rock	AtLocation	waterfall
monkey	AtLocation	rain forest
heat	UsedFor	cook
tooth	UsedFor	eat
grass	AtLocation	stadium
vase	IsA	container
home	UsedFor	live
friend	AtLocation	you
house	HasProperty	neat
pretend	HasPrerequisite	imagine
sand	AtLocation	beach
marble	UsedFor	game
oil	UsedFor	car
visa	IsA	credit card
kill	HasPrerequisite	murder
wall	AtLocation	house
night	HasProperty	dark
gas	UsedFor	heat
cake	HasProperty	spongy
autumn	IsA	season
round	IsA	shape
kangaroo	UsedFor	jump
rain	Causes	flood
person	DefinedAs	human
antenna	PartOf	radio
cry	HasSubevent	sob
lemonade	IsA	drink
spade	IsA	tool
roller coaster	AtLocation	theme park
voice	UsedFor	sing
pan	AtLocation	oven
auditorium	AtLocation	high school
period	AtLocation	school
sheet	UsedFor	bed
saxophone	IsA	musical instrument
grapefruit	HasProperty	juicy
pot	UsedFor	cook
steel	IsA	metal
eye	UsedFor	blink
plane	AtLocation	land
laser	UsedFor	eye surgery
earth	IsA	sphere
basement	ReceivesAction	flood
lane	IsA	road
elbow	PartOf	arm
dog	IsA	best friend
pen	HasA	ink
slay	IsA	kill
grill	HasProperty	hot
scale	AtLocation	fish
rose	HasProperty	romantic
rain	AtLocation	seattle
thriller	IsA	movie
car	IsA	vehicle
shopper	AtLocation	store
violin	IsA	musical instrument
tv	UsedFor	watch
aisle	AtLocation	store
zucchini	IsA	vegetable
student	PartOf	class
monster	AtLocation	bed
pretend	HasPrerequisite	imagination
mouse	RelatedTo	computer
magazine	AtLocation	rack
actor	IsA	person
iris	IsA	flower
chicago	IsA	city
boat	InheritsFrom	submarine
class	UsedFor	learn
soda	HasProperty	sweet
hole	CreatedBy	bullet
cake	IsA	desert
summer	HasProperty	hot
marble	AtLocation	game
jar	IsA	container
orange	HasProperty	sweet
schizophrenia	IsA	disease
pen	UsedFor	write
learn	HasPrerequisite	read
salt	IsA	mineral
student	CapableOf	learn
jesus	PartOf	christianity
cell phone	IsA	telephone
algebra	AtLocation	school
dog	CapableOf	bite
movie	HasProperty	fictional
bed	UsedFor	lay down
clutter	AtLocation	desk
school	UsedFor	teach
house	HasA	wall
football	IsA	sport
warehouse	UsedFor	storage
heat	AtLocation	oven
waitress	AtLocation	bar
tooth	UsedFor	chew
shower	PartOf	bathroom
loaf	AtLocation	bakery
gas	CapableOf	expand
school	UsedFor	learn
bathroom	IsA	restroom
movie	RelatedTo	popcorn
tub	UsedFor	soak
energy	AtLocation	coal
sunshine	AtLocation	summer
farm	AtLocation	countryside
steak	AtLocation	grill
flask	IsA	container
lock	PartOf	canal
product	ReceivesAction	manufacture
lincoln	PartOf	nebraska
perform	HasSubevent	act
bay	UsedFor	watch
ink	PartOf	pen
projectile	AtLocation	gun
pavement	AtLocation	city
spider	AtLocation	web
eye	UsedFor	vision
chain	HasA	link
matter	IsA	energy
honey	HasProperty	sweet
fast food	HasProperty	fatty
nut	IsA	seed
confetti	ReceivesAction	throw
alcoholic	UsedFor	alcohol
brad pitt	IsA	actor
petroleum	IsA	energy
lawn	AtLocation	backyard
beet	IsA	vegetable
verb	AtLocation	sentence
statue	MadeOf	marble
roller coaster	HasProperty	thrill
marble	IsA	sphere
exercise	Causes	pain
doctor	HasA	specialty
skate	IsA	fish
sunlight	IsA	energy
queen	AtLocation	castle
hand	IsA	appendage
river	AtLocation	valley
stationary	AtLocation	desk
grandfather	IsA	male
pear	HasProperty	sweet
person	NotDesires	loss
tea	AtLocation	teapot
onion	HasA	skin
grass	AtLocation	countryside
car	HasProperty	fast
anime	IsA	cartoon
mormon	IsA	christian
earth	PartOf	universe
pad	UsedFor	paper
finger	UsedFor	point
perform	UsedFor	actor
wart	AtLocation	frog
rifle	IsA	gun
iris	PartOf	eye
seed	AtLocation	pod
eat	HasSubevent	chew
motorcycle	UsedFor	ride
flower	AtLocation	vase
paris	IsA	city
human	PartOf	nature
cougar	IsA	big cat
stress	Causes	headache
pepsi	IsA	soft drink
vise	IsA	clamp
catfish	AtLocation	river
drizzle	IsA	rain
orange	HasA	peel
helium	IsA	gas
airplane	CapableOf	land
turnip	IsA	vegetable
lie	UsedFor	deceive
bullet	UsedFor	kill
fresh air	AtLocation	countryside
murder	IsA	felony
voice	AtLocation	radio
pan	UsedFor	fry
terminator	IsA	movie
backpack	AtLocation	school
level	IsA	tool
lane	IsA	aisle
snot	AtLocation	nose
america	IsA	continent
perform	HasSubevent	sing
sale	AtLocation	store
hot	NotHasProperty	cold
meat	UsedFor	eat
rose	PartOf	flower
person	HasProperty	creative
thyroid	IsA	gland
sky	AtLocation	outdoors
finger	PartOf	hand
dance	UsedFor	perform
typewriter	HasA	key
shit	HasProperty	disgust
ladder	IsA	tool
dart	ReceivesAction	throw
shelter	AtLocation	house
city	NotDesires	sprawl
product	AtLocation	store
apartment	IsA	home
nebula	AtLocation	space
cup	UsedFor	drink
pavement	HasProperty	hard
table	AtLocation	spoon
chess	IsA	game
paint	HasPrerequisite	brush
movie	IsA	watch
butterfly	HasProperty	beautiful
horse	HasProperty	big
neighborhood	PartOf	city
flower	CapableOf	wither
comedy	HasProperty	funny
atom	PartOf	molecule
key	IsA	metal
eat	HasSubevent	drink
paper	AtLocation	notebook
house	UsedFor	shelter
asparagus	IsA	vegetable
desk	InheritsFrom	table
oil	UsedFor	energy
sunscreen	AtLocation	beach
sport	IsA	game
fresh	IsA	smell
vacuum	AtLocation	space
trout	IsA	fish
dart	IsA	throw
rag	UsedFor	clean
cloth	UsedFor	clothe
sun	Desires	shine
