water	AtLocation	hot tub
pottery	MadeOf	clay
performance	AtLocation	theatre
banana	HasProperty	yellow
clay	ReceivesAction	mold
literature	UsedFor	study
mustard	AtLocation	hot dog
dollar	IsA	currency
elephant	HasA	tusk
temple	UsedFor	god
fudge	IsA	candy
play	UsedFor	child
pelican	IsA	animal
triangle	IsA	figure
kid	Desires	play
picture	AtLocation	desktop
lsd	IsA	drug
ball	ReceivesAction	kick
honor	IsA	virtue
pate	HasA	liver
triangle	AtLocation	geometry
alphabet	IsA	letter
flirt	CapableOf	flirt
bud	PartOf	plant
window	HasA	frame
age	Causes	wrinkle
pin	HasProperty	sharp
man	Desires	woman
ball	AtLocation	playground
travel	HasPrerequisite	pack
ring	AtLocation	saturn
keyboard	AtLocation	piano
truth	HasProperty	relative
christmas	PartOf	december
blanket	HasProperty	soft
water	AtLocation	jug
trash	IsA	waste
japan	IsA	island
rainy	IsA	weather
woman	Desires	lover
yard	UsedFor	play
bleach	UsedFor	whiten
screwdriver	AtLocation	garage
salad	HasPrerequisite	lettuce
water	AtLocation	hose
altar	AtLocation	temple
white	SymbolOf	purity
plant	CapableOf	photosynthesis
hello	IsA	greet
condom	UsedFor	protection
pray	HasPrerequisite	god
office	UsedFor	work
candy	HasA	sugar
cheater	CapableOf	prosper
kelp	AtLocation	water
root	AtLocation	tree
ecstasy	IsA	drug
fear	CausesDesire	run
christmas	IsA	holiday
fear	IsA	emotion
love	CausesDesire	kiss
collect	IsA	hobby
hummingbird	IsA	bird
lettuce	AtLocation	salad
burglar	AtLocation	jail
cannabis	IsA	plant
wood	ReceivesAction	polish
torso	IsA	body part
love	Causes	child
clam	IsA	mollusk
sweden	PartOf	scandinavia
internet	IsA	net
amphibian	IsA	animal
star	AtLocation	outer space
tire	CausesDesire	sleep
china	IsA	country
orchestra	AtLocation	opera
fruit	HasProperty	colorful
travel	HasFirstSubevent	pack
duck	IsA	fowl
fig	IsA	fruit
bicycle	UsedFor	fun
butter	MadeOf	milk
door	ReceivesAction	open
tree	HasA	root
parent	AtLocation	family
diamond	IsA	crystal
antique	HasProperty	old
monument	UsedFor	remember
paperwork	AtLocation	office
tire	CapableOf	roll
role	AtLocation	play
water	AtLocation	bucket
bone	AtLocation	skeleton
biology	IsA	science
counter	PartOf	kitchen
sadness	IsA	emotion
breathe	HasSubevent	sigh
fungus	AtLocation	wood
air	MadeOf	oxygen
mayor	UsedFor	council
speaker	AtLocation	conference
cave	AtLocation	limestone
child	PartOf	family
phoenix	PartOf	arizona
god	UsedFor	hope
christmas tree	SymbolOf	christmas
camp	HasProperty	fun
bag	AtLocation	grocery store
puppy	HasProperty	love
laughter	HasProperty	contagious
neighbor	AtLocation	next door
water	AtLocation	splash
mint	IsA	spice
two	IsA	one
ostrich	IsA	animal
run	UsedFor	fun
intercourse	HasProperty	fun
tree	ReceivesAction	fell
jellyfish	AtLocation	ocean
pornography	AtLocation	internet
oxygen	PartOf	air
child	DesireOf	play
water	CapableOf	pour
down	IsA	direction
death	PartOf	life
glitter	UsedFor	craft
comforter	IsA	blanket
ledge	PartOf	cliff
swallow	IsA	bird
plutonium	HasProperty	radioactive
oxygen	PartOf	carbon dioxide
duck	AtLocation	water
smile	IsA	fun
life	IsA	circle
water	IsA	cleanse
wood	AtLocation	tree
animal	AtLocation	zoo
sugar	HasProperty	white
air	HasA	oxygen
fleet	PartOf	navy
cuckoo	IsA	bird
vertebrate	HasProperty	animal
battle	UsedFor	fight
money	AtLocation	casino
god	HasProperty	spiritual
sewer	AtLocation	street
string	UsedFor	guitar
sea	HasProperty	blue
shade	AtLocation	tree
bus	UsedFor	transportation
clarinet	AtLocation	orchestra
water	AtLocation	sink
wool	IsA	fabric
light bulb	IsA	light source
mammal	IsA	animal
oxygen	PartOf	water
indigo	IsA	color
water	AtLocation	drench
water	UsedFor	cleanse
parasite	Desires	host
doorknob	PartOf	door
snail	HasA	shell
bike	IsA	bicycle
murderer	AtLocation	court
me	UsedFor	love
bee	CapableOf	buzz
footstool	IsA	seat
drug	AtLocation	drugstore
door	AtLocation	office
man	AtLocation	love
tree	HasA	branch
temple	UsedFor	pray
crescent	SymbolOf	islam
body	HasA	bone
freeway	UsedFor	drive
c	PartOf	alphabet
son	AtLocation	family
cabinet	IsA	furniture
bowl	MadeOf	clay
pilot	AtLocation	cockpit
bird	IsA	animal
bicycle	UsedFor	transportation
condom	IsA	protection
axle	PartOf	machine
body	AtLocation	funeral
door	MadeOf	wood
wind instrument	MadeOf	wood
beggar	AtLocation	street
blue	IsA	colour
water	AtLocation	tsunami
face	PartOf	clock
black	SymbolOf	death
captain	AtLocation	ship
logic	IsA	science
windmill	SymbolOf	holland
java	PartOf	indonesia
drug	IsA	chemical
hawaii	IsA	island
pound	IsA	currency
ball	UsedFor	tennis
blanket	UsedFor	sleep
cat	HasProperty	fickle
god	IsA	love
liquid	HasProperty	clear
glue	HasProperty	sticky
linen	AtLocation	closet
yolk	HasProperty	yellow
chinese food	HasProperty	delicious
window	HasProperty	clear
lsd	IsA	hallucinogen
fart	HasPrerequisite	butt
india	IsA	country
package	AtLocation	mail
water	AtLocation	brine
fabric	MadeOf	fiber
club	UsedFor	beat
die	HasSubevent	death
screw	HasA	thread
money	UsedFor	buy
dodo	HasProperty	extinct
letter	PartOf	word
skyscraper	HasProperty	tall
armor	UsedFor	protection
closet	AtLocation	bedroom
knob	AtLocation	door
urge	IsA	desire
string	AtLocation	guitar
kiss	HasPrerequisite	lip
caribou	IsA	mammal
clipboard	AtLocation	work
needle	UsedFor	injection
chicken	IsA	bird
russia	IsA	country
snake	IsA	reptile
wood	IsA	tree
head	UsedFor	think
belt	MadeOf	leather
bicycle	HasA	spoke
light bulb	AtLocation	lamp
gambler	Desires	win
math	HasProperty	fun
science	UsedFor	discovery
mast	AtLocation	ship
child	Desires	love
australia	IsA	island
diamond	IsA	forever
office	HasA	window
letter	IsA	symbol
tie-dye	HasPrerequisite	dye
buddhist	AtLocation	temple
tire	HasProperty	black
die	HasSubevent	funeral
tortoise	HasA	shell
crayon	UsedFor	color
ocean	HasProperty	water
water	AtLocation	drip
phone	UsedFor	call
wallpaper	AtLocation	desktop
chat	Causes	converse
toddler	IsA	small child
filament	PartOf	light bulb
bedroom	UsedFor	privacy
milk	IsA	beverage
bee	AtLocation	hive
trash	AtLocation	garage
white	IsA	colour
ash	AtLocation	urn
cocaine	IsA	drug
injury	CapableOf	hurt
woman	Desires	man
hanger	AtLocation	closet
phantom	AtLocation	opera
sweden	IsA	country
hospital	SymbolOf	surgery
anus	PartOf	body
column	UsedFor	support
father	PartOf	family
emotion	IsA	feel
wardrobe	MadeOf	wood
marijuana	HasProperty	green
leather	UsedFor	shoe
triangle	AtLocation	math
rapist	AtLocation	jail
paprika	IsA	spice
sea	AtLocation	ship
girl	IsA	kid
mandarin	IsA	fruit
staple	AtLocation	office
ball	CapableOf	roll
jewelry	HasProperty	gaudy
boy	IsA	man
santa claus	SymbolOf	christmas
sink	AtLocation	kitchen
garbage	AtLocation	trash
c	IsA	letter
japan	IsA	country
soldier	UsedFor	fight
udder	PartOf	cow
pig	AtLocation	poke
silo	AtLocation	midwest
torso	PartOf	body
gene	PartOf	chromosome
machine	UsedFor	lubricate
cabinet	PartOf	kitchen
chemistry	IsA	science
bird	IsA	mammal
baseball	HasPrerequisite	ball
dictator	Desires	power
seat	AtLocation	bike
muslim	AtLocation	mosque
death	IsA	certainty
tree	HasProperty	green
strawberry	InstanceOf	fruit
business	AtLocation	skyscraper
koala	AtLocation	zoo
holland	IsA	country
gasoline	AtLocation	gas station
resin	AtLocation	tree
work	HasSubevent	accomplishment
gasoline	IsA	liquid
aardvark	CapableOf	burrow
snail	AtLocation	shell
ski	HasProperty	fun
baseball	IsA	ball
brick	MadeOf	clay
couple	HasProperty	two
hospital	UsedFor	surgery
ecstasy	AtLocation	rave
boulevard	IsA	street
tit	IsA	bird
picture	NotIsA	photograph
strawberry	IsA	fruit
gel	HasProperty	sticky
nicotine	IsA	drug
lip	IsA	kiss
picture	AtLocation	frame
boy	AtLocation	scout
ostrich	PartOf	animal
raisin	IsA	fruit
crop	IsA	plant
walk	HasSubevent	stumble
blue	HasPrerequisite	light
shoe	MadeOf	leather
remember	HasSubevent	forget
handbag	UsedFor	woman
photograph	CreatedBy	photographer
inmate	CapableOf	prison
work	Causes	frustration
light	ReceivesAction	see
red	SymbolOf	danger
duck	HasProperty	yellow
diamond	AtLocation	ring
run	HasSubevent	sweat
sermon	PartOf	church service
ornament	AtLocation	christmas tree
baseball	UsedFor	hit
work	Causes	fatigue
child	IsA	young person
water	IsA	chemical
play	HasProperty	fun
air	HasProperty	invisible
sunday	IsA	holiday
drive	HasProperty	walk
crack	IsA	drug
pig	IsA	animal
liquid	HasProperty	fluid
circle	SymbolOf	life
fork	AtLocation	kitchen
breathe	HasSubevent	choke
stop	AtLocation	telegraph
oxygen	AtLocation	air
triangle	AtLocation	trigonometry
bag	MadeOf	leather
office	AtLocation	skyscraper
this	IsA	something
gerbil	IsA	mammal
candy	MadeOf	sugar
apple juice	IsA	beverage
sea	AtLocation	ocean
apple	IsA	fruit
santa claus	AtLocation	north pole
kiss	SymbolOf	love
cue	UsedFor	billiards
tornado	HasProperty	scary
verandah	IsA	porch
cuba	IsA	country
germany	IsA	country
cabinet	AtLocation	kitchen
carrot	AtLocation	salad
character	AtLocation	novel
privacy	AtLocation	bedroom
child	HasProperty	helpless
scene	AtLocation	play
injury	AtLocation	hospital
ticket	IsA	receipt
lip	AtLocation	face
pillow	AtLocation	bedroom
ocean	UsedFor	dive
moose	IsA	animal
water	AtLocation	pipe
bread	AtLocation	toaster
knife	HasProperty	sharp
feel	HasProperty	fuzzy
green	SymbolOf	inexperience
drive	HasPrerequisite	license
notepad	UsedFor	doodle
guitar	MadeOf	string
capital	AtLocation	country
salt water	AtLocation	ocean
trash	UsedFor	take out
bristle	HasProperty	stiff
nitrogen	AtLocation	air
brown	IsA	color
parkway	UsedFor	drive
bomb	UsedFor	terrorism
cabinet	HasA	door
hospital	HasA	patient
cobweb	AtLocation	attic
butter	AtLocation	bread
geometry	IsA	math
play	UsedFor	fun
island	AtLocation	pacific
woman	IsA	slut
love	CausesDesire	procreate
a	IsA	letter
cat	AtLocation	vet
pelican	IsA	bird
son	PartOf	family
lemon	IsA	fruit
apple juice	MadeOf	apple
milk	AtLocation	cereal
dive	UsedFor	fun
neighbor	AtLocation	door
leather	UsedFor	belt
spit	HasPrerequisite	saliva
intimacy	AtLocation	family
jog	UsedFor	health
ocean	HasA	salt water
jacket	MadeOf	leather
gravestone	HasProperty	grey
world	NotHasProperty	flat
clarinet	IsA	wind instrument
phone	CapableOf	ring
earthquake	Causes	tsunami
knob	AtLocation	doorway
apple	HasProperty	delicious
hope	AtLocation	despair
travel	HasProperty	fun
tree	MadeOf	wood
cancer	Causes	death
love	IsA	feel
study	UsedFor	work
fork	AtLocation	plate
bow	PartOf	ship
prison	UsedFor	punishment
tree	UsedFor	wood
plant	DesireOf	water
elephant	IsA	mammal
see	HasPrerequisite	look
murderer	AtLocation	prison
water	HasProperty	reflective
woman	HasProperty	pretty
toucan	IsA	bird
chick	IsA	baby chicken
s	PartOf	alphabet
sandpaper	HasProperty	rough
ball	UsedFor	roll
ball	HasProperty	spherical
thirst	Causes	dehydration
head	AtLocation	shoulder
support	AtLocation	family
electron	AtLocation	wire
sight	IsA	sense
coconut	AtLocation	tree
water	HasProperty	liquid
apple	HasProperty	red
staple	AtLocation	stapler
grey	IsA	color
charcoal	AtLocation	barbecue
money	UsedFor	corrupt
knife	AtLocation	fork
gauze	AtLocation	hospital
stapler	AtLocation	office
rabbit	Desires	lettuce
trash	ReceivesAction	recycle
shoe	UsedFor	run
sword	HasProperty	sharp
cinema	UsedFor	entertainment
death	HasProperty	tragic
window	ReceivesAction	open
water	NotCapableOf	melt
abortion	AtLocation	clinic
paperwork	AtLocation	work
soldier	AtLocation	battlefield
red	HasProperty	color
reception	AtLocation	hall
photograph	IsA	picture
cocaine	HasProperty	addictive
man	DesireOf	woman
plant	HasA	root
apple	HasProperty	green
yellow	IsA	colour
bookcase	IsA	furniture
child	HasProperty	play
honesty	IsA	virtue
trash	AtLocation	bag
equation	ReceivesAction	solve
pudding	MadeOf	milk
compete	Causes	competition
lung	PartOf	body
yo-yo	HasProperty	fun
grocery	AtLocation	supermarket
urine	HasProperty	yellow
gull	IsA	bird
branch	PartOf	tree
blanket	RelatedTo	pillow
contemplate	HasPrerequisite	think
teaspoon	AtLocation	kitchen
frame	PartOf	window
compete	HasSubevent	win
plate	HasProperty	flat
koala	IsA	animal
chemical	AtLocation	laboratory
love	IsA	emotion
life	AtLocation	water
clock	CapableOf	tick
work	Causes	creation
a	PartOf	alphabet
cat	CapableOf	nap
pelican	AtLocation	sea
primate	IsA	mammal
fatigue	CausesDesire	sleep
father	IsA	parent
green	IsA	colour
mistake	ReceivesAction	erase
moose	IsA	mammal
liquid	IsA	fluid
butter	HasProperty	yellow
family	CapableOf	together
gear	PartOf	machine
man	CapableOf	love
ship	AtLocation	ocean
jog	HasSubevent	run
child	HasProperty	cute
speaker	CapableOf	sound
fairy tale	RelatedTo	cinderella
toaster	IsA	machine
tractor	HasProperty	yellow
run	Causes	sweat
musical	IsA	play
ball	UsedFor	play
water	AtLocation	sewer
closet	HasA	door
rabbit	IsA	animal
run	HasPrerequisite	walk
water	AtLocation	sweat
apple	HasProperty	tart
insulation	AtLocation	attic
wheat	RelatedTo	health
compete	UsedFor	win
llama	IsA	animal
d	IsA	letter
woodworking	IsA	hobby
surface	UsedFor	counter
world	MadeOf	country
family	HasA	child
mask	AtLocation	carnival
run	HasProperty	walk
contemplate	HasSubevent	think
pony	PartOf	animal
father	Desires	son
wood	IsA	material
arena	UsedFor	fight
possibility	HasProperty	endless
tree	IsA	plant
son	IsA	relative
dolphin	AtLocation	ocean
fall	CapableOf	hurt
eiffel tower	IsA	landmark
bedroom	AtLocation	pillow
conductor	AtLocation	orchestra
chicken	HasProperty	delicious
cat	IsA	mammal
future	HasProperty	uncertain
duck	HasA	bill
breathe	HasPrerequisite	lung
ball	UsedFor	bowl
clipboard	MadeOf	wood
thunder	IsA	noise
dagger	CapableOf	stab
needle	HasProperty	sharp
bird	CapableOf	chirp
dolphin	AtLocation	water
inmate	AtLocation	jail
flirt	UsedFor	fun
sunday	IsA	day of rest
psychiatrist	UsedFor	depression
world	MadeOf	material
cardboard	ReceivesAction	recycle
work	AtLocation	office
sewer	HasProperty	smelly
girl	IsA	child
playstation	IsA	video game
mallard	IsA	duck
fart	HasProperty	smelly
stapler	AtLocation	work
mental health	IsA	health
dice	IsA	cube
helmet	UsedFor	protection
dollar	UsedFor	spend
photo	IsA	photograph
pit	PartOf	plum
diamond	HasProperty	clear
freeway	HasProperty	busy
internet	UsedFor	fun
sweat	CapableOf	drip
marijuana	UsedFor	fun
snake	AtLocation	amazon
peace	AtLocation	meditate
predator	IsA	animal
head	UsedFor	hat
meteorite	IsA	meteor
coupon	AtLocation	supermarket
green	IsA	color
cabinet	AtLocation	office
father	IsA	man
cabbage	IsA	plant
neck	AtLocation	body
saucepan	AtLocation	kitchen
water	AtLocation	snow
skeleton	AtLocation	closet
garbage	AtLocation	can
cumin	IsA	spice
elephant	AtLocation	africa
ape	IsA	primate
water	MadeOf	oxygen
iguana	PartOf	animal
letter	PartOf	alphabet
cotton candy	AtLocation	carnival
one	HasProperty	two
grape	AtLocation	bunch
vinegar	HasProperty	sour
education	AtLocation	university
corpse	AtLocation	funeral
look	MotivatedByGoal	see
bread	UsedFor	butter
junk	AtLocation	drawer
flirt	HasSubevent	smile
compete	HasFirstSubevent	win
closet	MadeOf	wood
oyster	AtLocation	ocean
koala	AtLocation	tree
plate	MadeOf	china
fruit	HasProperty	nutritious
knife	AtLocation	kitchen
mast	UsedFor	ship
diver	AtLocation	water
oxygen	AtLocation	water
water	ReceivesAction	pollute
convict	AtLocation	jail
d	PartOf	alphabet
liquid	IsA	substance
marker	UsedFor	color
sleep	HasSubevent	die
snow	PartOf	weather
shell	AtLocation	shore
prisoner	AtLocation	jail
handshake	Causes	deal
love	AtLocation	family
nerd	IsA	candy
leader	UsedFor	lead
lizard	IsA	animal
k	PartOf	alphabet
parrot	IsA	bird
leader	AtLocation	pack
run	HasPrerequisite	run
light	IsA	particle
groundhog	IsA	animal
ape	IsA	animal
pine	IsA	tree
primate	IsA	animal
letter	AtLocation	mail
chicken	IsA	fowl
blind	NotCapableOf	see
cat	CapableOf	scratch
snow	HasProperty	slippery
kiss	HasPrerequisite	flirt
cardinal	IsA	bird
soprano	AtLocation	choir
death	Causes	rebirth
office	AtLocation	work
arc	PartOf	circle
seat	HasProperty	comfortable
material	AtLocation	construction
grave	AtLocation	funeral
silverware	AtLocation	kitchen
work	NotHasProperty	fun
finch	IsA	bird
apple	NotHasProperty	red
bag	AtLocation	mall
column	AtLocation	spreadsheet
sleep	HasSubevent	breathe
linen	UsedFor	material
lemon	HasProperty	tart
knife	UsedFor	stab
colour	IsA	color
jewelry	HasProperty	pretty
scheme	IsA	plot
pedestrian	AtLocation	street
compete	HasPrerequisite	competition
law	IsA	rule
god	HasProperty	powerful
locker	PartOf	door
moth	AtLocation	closet
jail	UsedFor	punishment
donkey	IsA	animal
seatbelt	PartOf	seat
los angeles	PartOf	california
lamp	AtLocation	street
water	IsA	life
body	AtLocation	grave
kiss	UsedFor	lover
pattern	PartOf	logic
eel	AtLocation	water
rabbit	HasProperty	cute
red	SymbolOf	passion
emotion	UsedFor	feel
lettuce	IsA	plant
thunder	IsA	sound
poland	IsA	country
procreate	Causes	life
tequila	AtLocation	margarita
canary	IsA	bird
australia	IsA	country
triangle	UsedFor	geometry
breathe	HasPrerequisite	air
can	HasA	trash
novel	AtLocation	bookstore
pepper	HasProperty	green
marijuana	Causes	fun
up	IsA	direction
chicken	IsA	animal
belgium	IsA	country
ski	UsedFor	fun
pew	IsA	bench
bear	AtLocation	zoo
cola	HasA	caffeine
company	Desires	money
dollar	IsA	money
pillow	UsedFor	sleep
scheme	IsA	machination
sink	PartOf	kitchen
beaker	AtLocation	laboratory
breathe	Causes	life
junk	AtLocation	attic
cow	AtLocation	meadow
junk	AtLocation	garage
cashier	AtLocation	supermarket
tornado	IsA	weather
marijuana	HasProperty	fun
color	HasProperty	blue
study	RelatedTo	math
soprano	IsA	woman
emu	IsA	animal
neck	AtLocation	shoulder
light	HasProperty	electrical
marijuana	IsA	drug
elephant	HasProperty	grey
fall	Causes	injury
duck	NotHasProperty	yellow
garbage	UsedFor	recycle
tornado	Causes	destruction
white	IsA	color
elephant	IsA	animal
kelp	AtLocation	ocean
money	SymbolOf	currency
ball	HasProperty	fun
gull	AtLocation	sea
god	Causes	miracle
bus	UsedFor	travel
pheasant	IsA	bird
helmet	IsA	hat
prisoner	CapableOf	jail
guitar	AtLocation	concert
corporation	IsA	company
reptile	IsA	animal
bone	IsA	breakable
boy	IsA	boy scout
pray	UsedFor	devout
cargo	AtLocation	ship
ship	HasA	mast
convict	AtLocation	prison
shell	AtLocation	ocean
fingernail	UsedFor	scratch
photocopier	AtLocation	office
work	HasSubevent	think
den	AtLocation	cave
needle	RelatedTo	thread
shade	AtLocation	window
child	Desires	play
tiger	IsA	cat
water	AtLocation	spit
ireland	IsA	island
baby duck	IsA	duckling
water	AtLocation	bubble
money	AtLocation	supermarket
pepper	IsA	spice
diamond	IsA	carbon
child	CapableOf	play
knife	UsedFor	slice
door	CapableOf	open
play	AtLocation	theatre
bicycle	HasProperty	fun
frame	UsedFor	picture
panda	IsA	bear
banana	IsA	fruit
parakeet	HasProperty	green
jihad	IsA	terrorism
money	SymbolOf	richness
tuna	AtLocation	ocean
pollution	AtLocation	air
holiday	HasProperty	fun
bison	IsA	animal
tiger	IsA	animal
blue	IsA	color
flu	IsA	virus
duck	IsA	animal
iguana	IsA	reptile
sibling	AtLocation	family
drug	IsA	substance
dice	ReceivesAction	roll
lover	CapableOf	kiss
parent	HasA	child
jam	MadeOf	fruit
soldier	AtLocation	battle
death	Causes	sadness
bureau	AtLocation	office
vertebrate	IsA	animal
breathe	MotivatedByGoal	air
mask	IsA	disguise
salamander	IsA	amphibian
milk	AtLocation	cow
lip	UsedFor	lick
plant	Desires	water
trash	AtLocation	bin
change	HasPrerequisite	difference
kidney	PartOf	body
water	HasProperty	fluid
rabbit	Desires	carrot
bark	PartOf	tree
cash	IsA	money
work	MotivatedByGoal	money
white	NotIsA	color
shore	LocatedNear	ocean
rod	IsA	pole
door	IsA	wood
water	IsA	beverage
tree	HasProperty	tall
crustacean	AtLocation	ocean
christmas	SymbolOf	present
see	IsA	sense
dolphin	IsA	mammal
aardvark	IsA	animal
timer	AtLocation	kitchen
wind instrument	UsedFor	orchestra
arena	UsedFor	competition
elephant	AtLocation	zoo
condom	UsedFor	contraception
clock	IsA	tick
machine	UsedFor	work
worker	AtLocation	work
program	HasSubevent	compile
emu	IsA	bird
ostrich	CapableOf	run
roll	IsA	bread
ski	HasPrerequisite	snow
ostrich	IsA	bird
sorrow	IsA	emotion
smile	PartOf	service
lemon	HasProperty	sour
hospital	UsedFor	emergency
bicycle	HasProperty	red
old age	Causes	death
row	IsA	fight
coast	AtLocation	california
ocean	IsA	salt water
bomb	IsA	terrorism
black	SymbolOf	evil
travel	Causes	fun
root	PartOf	plant
world	HasProperty	flat
iguana	IsA	lizard
stem	PartOf	plant
butter	HasProperty	delicious
gazelle	IsA	animal
cat	HasProperty	fuzzy
bill	HasProperty	due
polish	AtLocation	shoe
water	HasProperty	clear
compete	MotivatedByGoal	win
can	ReceivesAction	recycle
meteor	AtLocation	outer space
puppy	HasProperty	fuzzy
crack	IsA	cocaine
child	HasA	parent
oxygen	CreatedBy	plant
water	CapableOf	evaporate
reindeer	IsA	animal
pudding	MadeOf	sugar
bedroom	UsedFor	sleep
flirt	HasSubevent	blush
weed	IsA	plant
java	IsA	island
electron	IsA	particle
black	IsA	color
love	HasProperty	blind
pray	HasPrerequisite	believe
kayak	HasProperty	fun
iceland	IsA	country
snow	IsA	weather
pigeon	IsA	bird
heart attack	Causes	die
apple juice	IsA	liquid
spy	Desires	snoop
water	HasProperty	blue
nightingale	IsA	bird
bear	IsA	mammal
fork	HasA	prong
surgery	SymbolOf	hospital
diamond	HasProperty	rare
ocean	HasProperty	blue
column	HasProperty	straight
tiger	AtLocation	zoo
play	Causes	fun
life	HasPrerequisite	death
bear	IsA	animal
illness	AtLocation	hospital
iceland	IsA	island
drug	AtLocation	pharmacy
ball	UsedFor	catch
bowl	IsA	pipe
windmill	AtLocation	holland
noise	IsA	sound
water	IsA	fluid
router	CapableOf	route
mail	IsA	message
tortoise	IsA	reptile
water	AtLocation	ocean
black	IsA	colour
yen	IsA	currency
pistol	UsedFor	shoot
baseball	UsedFor	catch
seat belt	CapableOf	life
parakeet	IsA	bird
sleep	Causes	death
child	DefinedAs	young person
milk	IsA	liquid
water	IsA	liquid
sword	CapableOf	thrust
nerve	AtLocation	body
procreate	HasPrerequisite	mate
triangle	UsedFor	trigonometry
water	HasProperty	slippery
duck	IsA	bird
fruit	AtLocation	basket
future	ReceivesAction	predict
see	UsedFor	saw
tiger	AtLocation	india
keyboard	PartOf	piano
bicycle	IsA	transportation
god	IsA	omnipotent
water	PartOf	sea
snake	AtLocation	pit
kid	DefinedAs	child
skateboard	UsedFor	fun
ball	UsedFor	kick
cobra	IsA	snake
wheat	UsedFor	harvest
board	MadeOf	wood
puppy	HasProperty	cute
caffeine	HasProperty	addictive
encyclopedia	HasProperty	old
u	PartOf	alphabet
san francisco	PartOf	california
milk	HasProperty	white
cat	CapableOf	fight
love	IsA	aphrodisiac
tick	IsA	arachnid
cancer	IsA	illness
buffet	UsedFor	breakfast
fun	CausesDesire	travel
jog	Causes	sweat
passion	UsedFor	romance
world	HasProperty	huge
water	AtLocation	milk
plain	HasProperty	flat
fall	Causes	go down
powder	UsedFor	make up
garbage	ReceivesAction	recycle
ski	HasPrerequisite	pole
index	UsedFor	reference
stem	PartOf	apple
head	IsA	body part
cat	HasProperty	cute
sound	CreatedBy	vibration
vulture	IsA	scavenger
feel	HasProperty	soft
apple juice	HasProperty	delicious
sandal	IsA	shoe
die	Causes	death
cat	IsA	carnivore
silverware	UsedFor	etiquette
yellow	IsA	color
soldier	CapableOf	march
thorn	HasProperty	sharp
ocean	InheritsFrom	water
plant	HasProperty	green
light	HasProperty	on
ferris wheel	AtLocation	carnival
cat	HasProperty	feline
jellyfish	AtLocation	water
cat	IsA	animal
bee	AtLocation	beehive
water	InheritsFrom	ocean
cat	Desires	nap
cherub	IsA	angel
arena	IsA	area
boy	IsA	child
holiday	UsedFor	fun
diamond	MadeOf	carbon
billboard	UsedFor	advertisement
glue	IsA	adhesive
guitar	HasA	string
phone	AtLocation	office
wind	MadeOf	air
shade	PartOf	lamp
can	UsedFor	kick
ireland	IsA	country
street	UsedFor	walk
head	PartOf	body
tortoise	IsA	animal
bicycle	HasA	seat
study	PartOf	education
red	IsA	color
future	HasProperty	predict
grape	HasProperty	green
platypus	AtLocation	australia
work	HasSubevent	sweat
counter	AtLocation	kitchen
milk	HasA	water
pew	UsedFor	pray
soccer	ReceivesAction	play
vulture	IsA	bird
kitchen	AtLocation	knife
soot	HasProperty	black
animal	IsA	life
spain	IsA	country
knife	UsedFor	butter
child	CapableOf	love
evergreen	IsA	tree
kid	HasProperty	play
israel	IsA	country
magenta	IsA	color
snow	IsA	water
sugar	PartOf	candy
singapore	AtLocation	asia
seesaw	AtLocation	playground
authority	SymbolOf	power
ball	AtLocation	gym
watermelon	IsA	fruit
prince	AtLocation	fairy tale
justification	HasPrerequisite	logic
reptile	AtLocation	zoo
pearl	AtLocation	oyster
air	AtLocation	lung
bike	AtLocation	street
soldier	Desires	fight
lizard	IsA	reptile
sword	AtLocation	sheath
m	PartOf	alphabet
animal	CapableOf	love
ski	HasSubevent	fall
win	CausesDesire	compete
fetus	AtLocation	womb
red	DefinedAs	color
carbon dioxide	AtLocation	air
fruit	HasProperty	delicious
centipede	IsA	animal
lip	UsedFor	kiss
rabbit	PartOf	animal
seat	PartOf	bicycle
root	PartOf	tree
snow	HasProperty	white
duck	PartOf	animal
die	HasPrerequisite	life
theatre	UsedFor	event
italy	IsA	country
water	AtLocation	baptism
garbage	IsA	waste
elephant	AtLocation	india
fruit	AtLocation	tree
rule	IsA	law
light source	AtLocation	light bulb
knife	AtLocation	plate
death	IsA	forever
cat	ReceivesAction	stroke
red	IsA	colour
ocean	MadeOf	water
child	CreatedBy	parent
linen	IsA	fabric
tiger	IsA	carnivore
god	CapableOf	love
mole	IsA	animal
drum	UsedFor	beat
grandma	PartOf	family
globe	IsA	ball
piano	AtLocation	concert
yellow	DefinedAs	color
shaft	PartOf	arrow
fruit	HasA	sugar
apple	AtLocation	ipod
tree	UsedFor	shade
devil	AtLocation	hell
child	AtLocation	playground
prisoner	AtLocation	prison
apple	ReceivesAction	tart
gambler	AtLocation	casino
present	AtLocation	christmas tree
bag	AtLocation	trash
drawer	AtLocation	kitchen
nicotine	HasProperty	addictive
puppy	IsA	animal
groundhog	IsA	mammal
furniture	MadeOf	wood
letter	AtLocation	envelope
liver	PartOf	body
letter	AtLocation	alphabet
wood	HasProperty	brown
hospital	SymbolOf	patient
flesh	IsA	color
cat	IsA	feline
dolphin	IsA	animal
girl	IsA	woman
lettuce	PartOf	salad
aardvark	IsA	mammal
plum	IsA	fruit
man	AtLocation	suit
penny	MadeOf	copper
water	AtLocation	saliva
emu	AtLocation	zoo
ocean	HasA	water
scientist	AtLocation	laboratory
apple	HasA	stem
stapler	UsedFor	staple
pistol	IsA	firearm
air	HasProperty	clear
weed	HasProperty	green
bird	AtLocation	tree
crustacean	IsA	animal
shoe	UsedFor	walk
mayor	AtLocation	city hall
bee	PartOf	colony
frame	PartOf	picture
flannel	IsA	fabric
water	AtLocation	fish tank
