salt water	AtLocation	ocean
student	AtLocation	classroom
handle	PartOf	door
lever	PartOf	machine
fire	SymbolOf	passion
smirnoff	IsA	vodka
marijuana	Causes	fun
spring	IsA	season
passport	IsA	document
cabbage	Causes	gas
money	AtLocation	purse
chocolate	HasProperty	sweet
herring	IsA	fish
word	PartOf	quote
lion	AtLocation	jungle
snake	CapableOf	bite
performance	AtLocation	show
laugh	IsA	fun
tube	HasProperty	hollow
paper	NotHasProperty	flat
seat	HasProperty	comfortable
work out	MotivatedByGoal	health
closet	AtLocation	room
snail	AtLocation	shell
coral	AtLocation	sea
piccolo	AtLocation	orchestra
telephone	UsedFor	talk
cello	IsA	musical instrument
eraser	AtLocation	pencil
skater	CapableOf	skateboard
food	HasA	taste
tequila	AtLocation	margarita
french horn	IsA	brass instrument
woman	IsA	female
vase	AtLocation	table
uranium	IsA	metal
sex	HasProperty	good
matter	HasA	mass
trip	Causes	fall
ocean	HasA	tide
sex	IsA	activity
lemon	HasProperty	tart
eye	UsedFor	see
rest	HasFirstSubevent	lie down
wagon	HasA	wheel
wrestle	IsA	fight
liver	PartOf	organ
dick	HasProperty	penis
knowledge	AtLocation	school
membrane	AtLocation	cell
envelope	MadeOf	paper
toy	HasProperty	fun
coal	AtLocation	mine
relish	IsA	pickle
marriage	IsA	tradition
clam	IsA	seafood
anus	PartOf	body
cd	HasProperty	round
twelve	IsA	number
sea	AtLocation	ship
metal	AtLocation	ore
hospital	UsedFor	surgery
jacket	HasA	zipper
water	AtLocation	rain
keyboard	AtLocation	piano
lesbian	HasProperty	female
enemy	HasProperty	bad
circle	IsA	round
israel	IsA	country
playground	AtLocation	park
god	PartOf	religion
piano	IsA	instrument
me	UsedFor	love
pit	PartOf	peach
sheet	UsedFor	bed
fork	UsedFor	eat
u	PartOf	alphabet
petrol	AtLocation	gas station
live	Causes	life
support	AtLocation	family
clarinet	AtLocation	band
basketball	IsA	ball
typewriter	HasA	ribbon
stem	PartOf	flower
uncle	AtLocation	family
snake	IsA	reptile
test	AtLocation	school
animal	Desires	reproduce
reproduce	HasSubevent	sex
driveway	AtLocation	car
hair	PartOf	dog
death	IsA	certainty
remote control	AtLocation	tv
cherry	IsA	food
beer	AtLocation	bar
bath	UsedFor	relaxation
testimony	PartOf	trial
knowledge	IsA	information
soup	AtLocation	container
sex	HasProperty	fun
fox	AtLocation	box
china	IsA	country
bud	PartOf	plant
horn	UsedFor	beep
chocolate	UsedFor	eat
action	HasA	consequence
broom	UsedFor	sweep
food	UsedFor	energy
communicate	HasSubevent	speak
book	HasProperty	interest
day	HasProperty	bright
linen	IsA	cloth
home	RelatedTo	family
elephant	HasProperty	grey
pavement	AtLocation	city
dice	ReceivesAction	roll
sun	HasProperty	warm
tile	UsedFor	bathroom
potato	AtLocation	salad
lie	IsA	deception
type	HasPrerequisite	finger
human	IsA	primate
bow	IsA	ribbon
kill	InheritsFrom	die
one	IsA	number
pan	AtLocation	kitchen
deception	HasProperty	bad
spray	AtLocation	waterfall
coat	AtLocation	closet
turkey	AtLocation	oven
dog	HasA	tail
case	AtLocation	trunk
antler	PartOf	moose
street	PartOf	neighbourhood
tiger	IsA	cat
soap	UsedFor	smell
woodwind	IsA	instrument
child	CapableOf	cry
tax	ReceivesAction	pay
pub	AtLocation	london
eat	HasSubevent	burp
tie-dye	HasPrerequisite	dye
fly	IsA	pest
child	IsA	young person
queen	AtLocation	castle
trophy	IsA	award
coffee	Causes	insomnia
fin	PartOf	whale
it	IsA	something
alcatraz	PartOf	san francisco
day	PartOf	calendar
exercise	HasSubevent	pain
breathe	UsedFor	live
bone	CapableOf	break
student	NotDesires	teacher
water	AtLocation	spring
lion	IsA	predator
murder	IsA	crime
drink	HasProperty	liquid
surface	AtLocation	lake
car	HasA	wheel
ostrich	NotCapableOf	fly
net	UsedFor	fish
party	UsedFor	enjoyment
leg	PartOf	body
traffic light	AtLocation	intersection
food	AtLocation	container
happiness	CausesDesire	sing
cash register	AtLocation	store
note	PartOf	music
stone	AtLocation	bridge
bicycle	HasA	seat
jug	HasA	handle
house	ReceivesAction	construct
drill	IsA	tool
life	AtLocation	universe
doctor	HasA	specialty
sugar	HasProperty	sweet
antler	AtLocation	deer
shirt	IsA	clothe
pleasure	UsedFor	fun
channel	PartOf	tv
travel	HasFirstSubevent	pack
sofa	MadeOf	leather
intersection	AtLocation	road
gorilla	IsA	animal
drive	HasPrerequisite	car
tulip	IsA	flower
ear	AtLocation	head
rock	AtLocation	moon
book	AtLocation	store
blood	IsA	liquid
sun	HasProperty	star
chess	IsA	board game
drought	Causes	famine
editorial	AtLocation	newspaper
shampoo	AtLocation	bottle
box	HasA	gift
mouse	AtLocation	computer
mumps	IsA	disease
smoker	CapableOf	smoke
germany	PartOf	europe
syringe	AtLocation	doctor
sunlight	HasProperty	bright
olive	AtLocation	pizza
twenty	IsA	number
game	UsedFor	entertainment
thirty	IsA	number
kangaroo	AtLocation	zoo
pineapple	IsA	fruit
horse	HasA	hoof
breakfast	IsA	meal
food	CausesDesire	eat
rat	AtLocation	sewer
ketchup	IsA	condiment
house	MadeOf	stone
sermon	PartOf	church service
toilet	UsedFor	poop
cardboard	AtLocation	box
actress	AtLocation	movie
plant	HasA	chlorophyll
dream	HasSubevent	sleep
hate	IsA	emotion
letter	AtLocation	envelope
id	UsedFor	identification
family	AtLocation	house
rover	IsA	car
mask	AtLocation	carnival
stick	MadeOf	wood
man	IsA	person
trash	AtLocation	bag
kill	IsA	crime
soda	IsA	beverage
judge	IsA	lawyer
oasis	AtLocation	desert
bee	CapableOf	sting
compliment	HasProperty	good
door	MadeOf	wood
coffee	UsedFor	drink
turkey	IsA	food
carbohydrate	HasA	carbon
hole	CreatedBy	bullet
apple pie	HasProperty	delicious
fire	CapableOf	destroy
woman	HasA	clitoris
water	AtLocation	mud
water	AtLocation	icicle
plan	HasPrerequisite	think
captain	PartOf	team
pear	IsA	food
tiger	AtLocation	jungle
listen	MotivatedByGoal	hear
vodka	IsA	alcohol
woman	ReceivesAction	rape
chicken	IsA	food
movie	HasProperty	fun
ostrich	PartOf	animal
head	IsA	body part
sushi	IsA	food
pullover	IsA	dress
apple	HasProperty	crispy
lane	IsA	path
eraser	AtLocation	school
water	AtLocation	liter
shirt	HasA	button
prairie	IsA	field
fable	IsA	story
child	HasA	parent
fist	UsedFor	punch
spain	IsA	country
ice	UsedFor	cool
fox	IsA	animal
sorrow	IsA	emotion
ear	ReceivesAction	pierce
frog	AtLocation	water
solid	NotHasProperty	liquid
fractal	HasProperty	mathematical
cymbal	AtLocation	band
war	Causes	unrest
child	IsA	person
computer	UsedFor	information
fiction	IsA	book
computer	AtLocation	desktop
coffee	AtLocation	cafe
cat	HasA	claw
bullet	UsedFor	wound
two	IsA	one
photograph	IsA	picture
brook	UsedFor	fish
music	MadeOf	guitar
eye	UsedFor	view
bible	IsA	book
machine	UsedFor	work
mouth	HasA	lip
toilet paper	UsedFor	bathroom
tree	PartOf	orchard
something	CapableOf	anything
meadow	AtLocation	countryside
parkway	IsA	highway
learn	Causes	know
bus	IsA	vehicle
earth	HasProperty	round
mum	IsA	flower
trophy	SymbolOf	victory
president	AtLocation	white house
centipede	IsA	insect
child	NotIsA	toy
chocolate	ReceivesAction	eat
algae	IsA	plant
airplane	AtLocation	air
processor	AtLocation	computer
wallet	AtLocation	pocket
comb	MadeOf	plastic
boy	AtLocation	scout
learn	HasPrerequisite	understand
pelican	IsA	animal
picture	PartOf	book
casket	AtLocation	funeral
diamond	IsA	shape
sex	ReceivesAction	pleasurable
monkey	IsA	primate
daisy	IsA	flower
murder	HasProperty	bad
silk	IsA	fabric
star	AtLocation	hollywood
nation	CapableOf	war
terminator	IsA	movie
fart	HasProperty	smelly
animal	HasProperty	dangerous
bear	IsA	animal
chair	RelatedTo	desk
diamond	IsA	stone
w	PartOf	alphabet
sword	AtLocation	sheath
piano	UsedFor	music
puppy	HasProperty	cuddly
light	CapableOf	illuminate
duck	Desires	swim
grin	IsA	smile
air	AtLocation	balloon
period	AtLocation	school
tickle	MotivatedByGoal	laugh
toilet paper	AtLocation	toilet
book	UsedFor	history
orthodox	IsA	christian
desk	HasA	drawer
cat	IsA	mammal
butler	IsA	servant
barbecue	UsedFor	cook
ocean	UsedFor	swim
cogitate	HasSubevent	think
trunk	AtLocation	car
book	ReceivesAction	read
voter	AtLocation	democracy
god	AtLocation	bible
run	UsedFor	fun
donut	HasProperty	tasty
coffee	IsA	stimulant
spatula	AtLocation	kitchen
glove	MadeOf	leather
basketball	UsedFor	dribble
friend	AtLocation	school
leg	AtLocation	chair
projectile	UsedFor	throw
stork	IsA	bird
football	IsA	game
wombat	IsA	marsupial
curl	IsA	sport
sailboat	HasA	sail
bomb	IsA	explosive
energy	AtLocation	gasoline
sunshine	AtLocation	moon
cave	AtLocation	limestone
kill	HasSubevent	shoot
bee	IsA	insect
hawaii	HasProperty	warm
learn	AtLocation	class
blueberry	IsA	fruit
listen	HasSubevent	hear
body	AtLocation	grave
book	CreatedBy	publisher
beaver	AtLocation	canada
pepsi	IsA	soft drink
cancer	IsA	illness
type	HasPrerequisite	keyboard
game	UsedFor	amusement
cup	MadeOf	glass
medal	IsA	award
german	IsA	language
blanket	HasProperty	soft
leaf	PartOf	tree
nine	IsA	number
alcohol	AtLocation	pub
money	AtLocation	wallet
wood	IsA	fuel
dishwasher	IsA	machine
sculpture	MadeOf	stone
catwalk	AtLocation	theater
grill	AtLocation	backyard
brie	IsA	cheese
machine	UsedFor	manufacture
petrol	AtLocation	car
rape	HasProperty	bad
beer	HasProperty	bitter
queen	PartOf	monarchy
pencil	MadeOf	wood
plant	Desires	water
candle	ReceivesAction	light
consciousness	HasProperty	state of mind
circle	HasProperty	round
rhinoceros	IsA	animal
fall	Causes	go down
mast	UsedFor	sail
knowledge	InheritsFrom	learn
predator	IsA	animal
bee	AtLocation	flower
salt	IsA	season
movie	AtLocation	theatre
faucet	AtLocation	sink
eraser	HasProperty	pink
russian	IsA	language
pray	HasPrerequisite	kneel
sleep	RelatedTo	sofa
australia	IsA	island
cook	AtLocation	kitchen
neck	AtLocation	body
submarine	CapableOf	surface
bouquet	MadeOf	flower
electron	AtLocation	wire
bed	UsedFor	nap
procreate	HasLastSubevent	sex
future	HasProperty	predict
crayfish	IsA	crustacean
point	HasProperty	sharp
wheel	PartOf	skateboard
virus	Causes	infection
milk	AtLocation	bottle
methane	IsA	gas
dog	Desires	bone
baggage	UsedFor	travel
violin	IsA	fiddle
soup	IsA	food
hello	IsA	greet
water	AtLocation	food
hiker	AtLocation	forest
key	MadeOf	metal
scale	SymbolOf	justice
minister	PartOf	government
arsenic	IsA	poison
pear	HasProperty	delicious
evil	HasProperty	good
wasp	IsA	insect
mayor	AtLocation	town
butterfly	CreatedBy	cocoon
water	AtLocation	sweat
god	HasProperty	forgive
world	AtLocation	universe
church	AtLocation	community
satan	DefinedAs	devil
dive	UsedFor	fun
cat	HasProperty	feline
think	UsedFor	understand
lane	IsA	road
voice	AtLocation	telephone
sheep	CapableOf	graze
university	AtLocation	professor
bill	HasProperty	due
tin	IsA	metal
rook	IsA	chess piece
bike	HasA	wheel
stress	Causes	ulcer
sing	HasProperty	entertain
drown	Causes	death
science	IsA	subject
television	RelatedTo	radio
eleven	IsA	number
ecstasy	AtLocation	rave
toy	AtLocation	baby
priest	AtLocation	confession
mother	CapableOf	scold
curl	PartOf	wave
fun	HasProperty	enjoyable
kitten	IsA	baby cat
car	CapableOf	race
mosquito	IsA	insect
build	InheritsFrom	house
mother	HasProperty	female
alaska	IsA	state
weed	IsA	plant
book	SymbolOf	knowledge
compete	Causes	competition
champagne	HasA	alcohol
gauze	AtLocation	hospital
letter	UsedFor	communication
clerk	AtLocation	store
drum	IsA	musical instrument
eiffel tower	IsA	landmark
verb	IsA	word
water	AtLocation	puddle
urinate	HasPrerequisite	dick
prince	AtLocation	england
sea	HasProperty	deep
cigarette	HasA	tobacco
baby	HasProperty	innocent
sweat	CapableOf	drip
orange	HasProperty	yellow
food	AtLocation	jar
eat	HasSubevent	drink
door	PartOf	house
tire	CapableOf	roll
red	SymbolOf	passion
bagpipe	AtLocation	scotland
bread	HasProperty	eat
steak	IsA	meat
time	IsA	money
tap	AtLocation	bathroom
beverage	AtLocation	restaurant
yacht	IsA	sailboat
papaya	IsA	fruit
abstract	IsA	summary
superman	IsA	superhero
safety pin	IsA	fastener
fish	HasPrerequisite	water
trunk	UsedFor	storage
perform	HasSubevent	act
sun	HasProperty	hot
ice	CapableOf	melt
coffee	AtLocation	cup
space	HasProperty	dark
prisoner	AtLocation	jail
rock	HasProperty	hard
thorn	HasProperty	sharp
urge	IsA	desire
seat	AtLocation	theater
knife	AtLocation	kitchen
baby	ReceivesAction	born
wrench	MadeOf	steel
apple	HasA	peel
illness	AtLocation	hospital
swift	IsA	bird
flute	IsA	wind instrument
thriller	IsA	movie
ballet	IsA	dance
phone	UsedFor	call
car	CapableOf	crash
pill	AtLocation	pharmacy
locker	PartOf	door
tea	HasPrerequisite	hot water
computer	RelatedTo	screen
petal	PartOf	flower
cup	MadeOf	plastic
paper	UsedFor	origami
dog	ReceivesAction	feed
depression	Causes	suicide
seed	PartOf	fruit
mumps	IsA	illness
student	CapableOf	learn
lock	AtLocation	door
room	AtLocation	apartment
cotton	UsedFor	thread
beam	AtLocation	roof
antarctica	IsA	continent
child	DefinedAs	young person
website	ReceivesAction	browse
head	PartOf	body
oxygen	AtLocation	water
lightning	IsA	electricity
dog	AtLocation	house
cell	AtLocation	jail
tower	AtLocation	babel
junk	AtLocation	attic
mouth	CapableOf	eat
yo-yo	IsA	toy
shade	AtLocation	window
entertain	InheritsFrom	enjoy
toilet	AtLocation	bathroom
mushroom	IsA	fungus
weed	AtLocation	lawn
fuel	UsedFor	energy
flower	ReceivesAction	scent
magpie	IsA	bird
surf	HasSubevent	wipe out
wood	HasProperty	hard
stall	UsedFor	horse
brother	AtLocation	family
chair	AtLocation	office
cat	IsA	feline
clamp	IsA	tool
river	HasA	water
exercise	HasProperty	fun
cricket	IsA	sport
guitar	IsA	musical instrument
wedding	IsA	party
pumpkin	IsA	gourd
strap	PartOf	purse
hair	ReceivesAction	comb
glass	HasProperty	breakable
foot	UsedFor	walk
cannonball	AtLocation	cannon
bicycle	InheritsFrom	car
star	AtLocation	galaxy
painter	CapableOf	draw
janitor	AtLocation	school
vertebrate	HasA	spine
run	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
joke	HasProperty	funny
what	IsA	that
gay	IsA	sexuality
disease	HasProperty	illness
front door	HasA	doorbell
couch	IsA	sofa
dish	AtLocation	table
wheat	UsedFor	harvest
koala	AtLocation	eucalyptus
tack	AtLocation	wall
letter	PartOf	alphabet
house	HasA	lawn
ocean	HasA	water
secretary	AtLocation	office
limbo	IsA	dance
ladle	AtLocation	kitchen
sword	SymbolOf	war
gold	AtLocation	ring
pupil	PartOf	class
hot	NotHasProperty	cold
tissue	PartOf	organ
hawaii	IsA	island
woman	Desires	man
bully	HasProperty	bad
peanut	IsA	legume
retire	AtLocation	florida
flamingo	IsA	bird
lion	IsA	animal
scientist	CapableOf	experiment
crescent	SymbolOf	islam
buffet	UsedFor	food
stalactite	AtLocation	cavern
old person	HasProperty	slow
college	UsedFor	learn
money	UsedFor	buy
mattress	AtLocation	bed
paper	AtLocation	printer
poppy	IsA	flower
vacation	HasProperty	fun
paper	UsedFor	draw
wood	ReceivesAction	polish
germ	Causes	disease
bell	AtLocation	school
reptile	HasProperty	cold-blooded
thermometer	AtLocation	doctor
home	HasProperty	comfy
tent	UsedFor	camp
leg	PartOf	table
oil	HasProperty	slippery
tortoise	IsA	animal
child	CapableOf	wonder
cash	AtLocation	bank
tuba	AtLocation	band
doorknob	PartOf	door
disagree	HasSubevent	debate
sailor	AtLocation	ship
black and white	IsA	opposite
whale	IsA	mammal
diamond	IsA	crystal
italy	IsA	country
magenta	IsA	color
two	IsA	number
cake	IsA	pastry
schizophrenia	IsA	mental illness
knob	AtLocation	door
verandah	IsA	porch
microsoft	IsA	monopoly
egg	Causes	chicken
macaroni	IsA	pasta
flour	UsedFor	cake
orange	ReceivesAction	squeeze
house	InheritsFrom	dwell
ipod	HasProperty	device
drive	Causes	move
pickle	IsA	food
sunscreen	AtLocation	beach
rhinoceros	AtLocation	zoo
beer	AtLocation	bottle
fingernail	PartOf	finger
number	AtLocation	statistic
route	AtLocation	map
bone	AtLocation	skeleton
cleanliness	IsA	godliness
pilot	AtLocation	cockpit
slave	NotHasA	freedom
hard work	HasProperty	reward
finch	IsA	bird
monster	AtLocation	bed
france	PartOf	europe
superman	CapableOf	fly
shoe	UsedFor	walk
child	AtLocation	orphanage
memorize	HasFirstSubevent	study
auditorium	UsedFor	assembly
atheism	IsA	religion
loneliness	HasProperty	sad
h	PartOf	alphabet
water	AtLocation	seaside
map	UsedFor	navigate
bread	UsedFor	bake
body	AtLocation	funeral
sloth	AtLocation	zoo
it	HasA	wing
dart	IsA	throw
bee	Desires	flower
symphony	IsA	music
crane	IsA	bird
saxophone	AtLocation	orchestra
arithmetic	IsA	math
rose	PartOf	flower
mouth	PartOf	face
study	HasSubevent	learn
collar	PartOf	shirt
tickle	HasFirstSubevent	laugh
couch	UsedFor	relax
sister	AtLocation	convent
ethanol	IsA	alcohol
fox	AtLocation	arctic
smile	Causes	happiness
santa claus	AtLocation	north pole
ceiling	HasProperty	paint
tenor	AtLocation	opera
toilet paper	AtLocation	bathroom
bomb	UsedFor	terror
polyester	IsA	fabric
son	IsA	offspring
baboon	IsA	animal
cash	AtLocation	cash register
bishop	UsedFor	religion
swim	HasSubevent	drown
jesus	PartOf	christianity
bat	UsedFor	baseball
lily	IsA	flower
asparagus	IsA	vegetable
hockey	IsA	game
alcohol	UsedFor	drink
bath	UsedFor	relax
boiler	PartOf	furnace
tuba	IsA	wind instrument
coffee	IsA	drink
oxygen	CreatedBy	plant
letter	AtLocation	mail
xylophone	IsA	musical instrument
red	IsA	color
murder	HasProperty	illegal
mammoth	AtLocation	ice age
tyrannosaurus rex	IsA	dinosaur
udder	PartOf	cow
card	AtLocation	table
axe	HasProperty	sharp
wrestler	CapableOf	wrestle
train	IsA	transportation
colorado	IsA	state
wine	HasProperty	tasty
horse	AtLocation	stable
lane	IsA	aisle
street	UsedFor	walk
ask	Causes	answer
lake	HasA	water
plane	AtLocation	land
l	IsA	letter
razor	UsedFor	shave
school	UsedFor	study
sky	UsedFor	fly
primate	IsA	mammal
foul	IsA	smell
car	ReceivesAction	drive
confetti	UsedFor	throw
hate	Causes	violence
tobacco	HasA	nicotine
exhibit	AtLocation	museum
elephant	HasProperty	big
sofa	UsedFor	relax
cheese	IsA	food
house	HasProperty	neat
employee	AtLocation	company
ruby	IsA	jewel
word	ReceivesAction	write
marathon	IsA	race
author	PartOf	book
cafe	AtLocation	paris
sole	PartOf	shoe
salt	HasProperty	white
air	AtLocation	earth
fork	AtLocation	kitchen
a	PartOf	alphabet
chin	PartOf	face
eye	UsedFor	look
school bus	HasProperty	yellow
playstation	IsA	video game
bread	CreatedBy	baker
bagel	IsA	chewy
pelican	IsA	bird
bath	AtLocation	house
whisky	UsedFor	drink
pin	HasProperty	sharp
hacker	IsA	programmer
turtle	IsA	animal
meteorite	IsA	stone
mouse	IsA	computer
chicken	HasProperty	delicious
neck	AtLocation	shoulder
luggage	AtLocation	trunk
decade	PartOf	century
bullet	UsedFor	kill
jog	HasSubevent	run
honey	AtLocation	beehive
sausage	MadeOf	meat
think	UsedFor	deduce
flower	PartOf	bush
student	AtLocation	school
electricity	HasProperty	powerful
bugle	AtLocation	band
aircraft	AtLocation	airport
talk	HasProperty	cheap
duck	HasSubevent	crouch
sex	IsA	fun
marriage	SymbolOf	love
swedish	IsA	language
bad	IsA	adjective
worm	AtLocation	garden
arena	UsedFor	competition
duck	HasProperty	yellow
condom	UsedFor	safe sex
happiness	IsA	emotion
rock	IsA	music
bat	CapableOf	fly
shower	IsA	rain
book	HasA	knowledge
gift	HasProperty	free
program	CreatedBy	programmer
infidelity	Causes	divorce
island	IsA	land
fulcrum	PartOf	lever
speed	HasProperty	relative
snore	HasSubevent	sleep
bat	IsA	animal
dentist	AtLocation	office
tornado	Causes	destruction
home	AtLocation	neighborhood
hill	UsedFor	climb
moth	IsA	insect
ozone	AtLocation	atmosphere
pepper	HasProperty	green
saddle	UsedFor	ride
rubber band	IsA	stretchy
sadness	IsA	emotion
lightning	HasProperty	electric
florida	IsA	state
smile	IsA	fun
surname	DefinedAs	last name
fraction	PartOf	whole
seed	AtLocation	tree
ear	PartOf	head
wife	UsedFor	husband
tennis	IsA	sport
brain	MadeOf	neuron
disco	IsA	dance
alto	IsA	singer
timer	AtLocation	kitchen
ocean	HasA	wave
handgun	UsedFor	murder
dance	IsA	motion
kitchen	AtLocation	downstairs
snake	AtLocation	amazon
muscle	UsedFor	move
silver	IsA	metal
unpleasant	HasProperty	bad
guinea pig	IsA	rodent
machine gun	UsedFor	shoot
biology	IsA	science
boat	NotDesires	sink
work	Causes	fatigue
hair	PartOf	head
basketball	HasProperty	round
couch	UsedFor	sit
toyota	IsA	car
microwave	UsedFor	cook
water	AtLocation	spray
catfish	AtLocation	pond
america	IsA	continent
tit	IsA	bird
relax	HasSubevent	sleep
triangle	UsedFor	trigonometry
flower	PartOf	plant
mouse	AtLocation	trap
food	AtLocation	pantry
corporation	IsA	company
meat	HasProperty	red
dance	HasPrerequisite	movement
africa	PartOf	map
soap	AtLocation	sink
processor	PartOf	computer
sandal	IsA	footwear
ledger	AtLocation	account
winner	HasProperty	happy
mouse	IsA	rodent
continent	HasA	country
peach	HasA	pit
napkin	AtLocation	table
book	HasA	cover
sea	HasProperty	wide
tag	IsA	label
slavery	HasProperty	bad
ale	AtLocation	pub
swim	IsA	sport
orange	IsA	fruit
new york	HasProperty	big
boston	PartOf	mass
door	AtLocation	house
wrestle	UsedFor	sport
praise	HasProperty	good
dream	HasLastSubevent	wake up
toothpaste	AtLocation	bathroom
hippo	PartOf	animal
pouch	AtLocation	wallet
synapse	PartOf	brain
parlor	AtLocation	house
dust	AtLocation	air
reproduce	UsedFor	copy
desk	AtLocation	study
fear	Causes	tremble
forest	PartOf	nature
tank	AtLocation	war
chimpanzee	AtLocation	zoo
honor	IsA	virtue
perform	HasPrerequisite	talent
maid	IsA	servant
water	AtLocation	hose
channel	AtLocation	england
church	UsedFor	god
e	PartOf	alphabet
dog	NotDesires	cat
plum	IsA	fruit
entertainment	AtLocation	movie
power	ReceivesAction	control
avenue	IsA	road
relish	HasProperty	green
kill	HasSubevent	stab
death	PartOf	life
student	NotDesires	study
fruit	AtLocation	vegetable
ocean	HasProperty	wet
crab	AtLocation	sand
sewer	AtLocation	street
tire	HasProperty	round
city	IsA	place
horse	AtLocation	barn
lid	PartOf	box
seahorse	AtLocation	ocean
wife	UsedFor	love
manhattan	PartOf	new york
copper	IsA	metal
crayon	UsedFor	color
marijuana	UsedFor	fun
bicycle	HasA	wheel
vulture	IsA	bird
dildo	IsA	sex toy
me	PartOf	we
joke	HasProperty	tell
demonstration	HasSubevent	explain
champagne	IsA	alcohol
heart	SymbolOf	love
pencil	UsedFor	draw
book	HasA	story
ice	HasProperty	cold
breathe	Causes	live
fight	HasSubevent	yell
french	IsA	nationality
scale	PartOf	fish
house	HasA	roof
pin	HasProperty	pointy
porn	UsedFor	masturbate
explosive	HasProperty	dangerous
java	IsA	island
god	IsA	love
child	HasA	mother
gate	AtLocation	garden
chocolate	HasProperty	brown
servant	UsedFor	serve
slinky	UsedFor	fun
ocean	IsA	salt water
caboose	PartOf	train
surgeon	IsA	doctor
panda	IsA	bear
yarn	CausesDesire	knit
ape	IsA	animal
internet	IsA	net
tomato	IsA	vegetable
house	HasA	attic
iguana	IsA	lizard
drizzle	IsA	rain
program	HasSubevent	compile
rainbow	HasProperty	pretty
monkey	AtLocation	zoo
nickel	IsA	metal
cellar	AtLocation	basement
wall	PartOf	structure
dentist	PartOf	doctor
toothbrush	HasA	bristle
north pole	HasProperty	cold
glass	HasA	liquid
crust	PartOf	pizza
doorway	AtLocation	room
person	HasProperty	competitive
tuna	AtLocation	ocean
boy	HasProperty	male
meat	IsA	murder
drum	UsedFor	music
nirvana	IsA	band
bass	IsA	fish
music	AtLocation	cd
submarine	AtLocation	water
liver	IsA	organ
steak	HasProperty	delicious
day	PartOf	month
book	HasA	picture
milk	AtLocation	store
ring	AtLocation	finger
castle	HasProperty	big
illness	HasProperty	disease
african	IsA	continent
explosive	UsedFor	kaboom
calendar	AtLocation	wall
sex	HasProperty	enjoyable
christian	HasProperty	religious
automobile	AtLocation	road
live	Causes	love
bedroom	HasA	bed
grass	AtLocation	countryside
car	HasA	radio
nightclub	UsedFor	party
rat	IsA	vermin
mouse	IsA	mammal
disk	HasProperty	round
computer	RelatedTo	mouse
coffee	HasProperty	black
shark	AtLocation	sea
hula	IsA	dance
muscle	PartOf	body
floor	AtLocation	room
car	InheritsFrom	train
word	PartOf	sentence
guitar	IsA	instrument
country	HasA	border
house	NotMadeOf	glass
city	ReceivesAction	pollute
cow	AtLocation	countryside
wall	AtLocation	house
person	HasProperty	jealous
disaster	HasProperty	bad
sun	RelatedTo	moon
badger	AtLocation	sett
water	IsA	chemical
cyborg	IsA	robot
pant	IsA	trouser
compost	AtLocation	garden
hummingbird	HasProperty	small
chimney	AtLocation	roof
knife	HasPrerequisite	sharpen
murderer	AtLocation	court
coffee	HasA	caffeine
galaxy	AtLocation	universe
moon	HasProperty	round
highway	IsA	road
fiddle	Causes	music
violin	HasA	string
woman	IsA	mother
fur	AtLocation	cat
shop	HasSubevent	buy
germ	HasProperty	gross
storm	AtLocation	tropic
cat	UsedFor	pet
texas	IsA	state
work	Causes	exhaustion
spoon	UsedFor	stir
goldfish	Desires	bowl
machine	UsedFor	combine
computer	ReceivesAction	upgrade
magic	AtLocation	fairy tale
camel	AtLocation	desert
rosebud	IsA	rose
grammar	NotHasProperty	correct
iron	CapableOf	rust
mattress	PartOf	bed
roulette	AtLocation	casino
book	UsedFor	entertainment
tobacco	Causes	cancer
driveway	UsedFor	car
type	Causes	letter
steakhouse	AtLocation	texas
steak	UsedFor	eat
slice	PartOf	orange
neptune	IsA	planet
meal	CreatedBy	cook
cherry	IsA	fruit
basement	PartOf	house
flu	IsA	disease
line	AtLocation	post office
child	CapableOf	play
wheel	HasProperty	circular
snake	AtLocation	pit
bell	CapableOf	ring
field	AtLocation	countryside
bank	AtLocation	money
dish	UsedFor	wash
affair	Causes	scandal
office	AtLocation	paper
poker	IsA	card game
water	AtLocation	drink
damage	RelatedTo	break
weapon	UsedFor	threaten
squirrel	IsA	rodent
marriage	UsedFor	companionship
village	AtLocation	country
wave	PartOf	ocean
folder	UsedFor	storage
earth	AtLocation	milky way
disinfectant	AtLocation	hospital
pipe	UsedFor	smoke
beauty	AtLocation	waterfall
gasoline	AtLocation	gas station
oregon	IsA	state
grill	UsedFor	cook
bedroom	IsA	room
climber	AtLocation	mountain
massage	IsA	therapy
bomb	CapableOf	explode
red	SymbolOf	danger
letter	AtLocation	mailbox
happiness	IsA	state of mind
planet	HasProperty	spherical
skull	IsA	bone
picture	IsA	representation
airplane	CapableOf	fly
truck	IsA	automobile
wheel	PartOf	wagon
egg	CreatedBy	hen
halloween	HasProperty	fun
wall	AtLocation	build
antler	AtLocation	moose
sound	IsA	wave
gallery	UsedFor	art
money	ReceivesAction	earn
fish	HasPrerequisite	bait
sock	MadeOf	wool
freeway	IsA	road
salt	AtLocation	water
penis	CapableOf	pee
eye	UsedFor	stare
person	NotDesires	loss
brown	IsA	color
fish	AtLocation	river
homeless	AtLocation	bridge
singer	IsA	performer
raven	CapableOf	fly
lie	UsedFor	deceit
pearl	AtLocation	oyster
hen	IsA	chicken
hose	AtLocation	garden
christmas	SymbolOf	present
cannabis	IsA	plant
gas	MadeOf	oil
bed	AtLocation	hospital
orbit	HasProperty	round
staircase	UsedFor	climb
treasure	HasProperty	valuable
period	PartOf	punctuation
apple juice	MadeOf	apple
salt	AtLocation	sea
ear	CapableOf	ache
murder	IsA	felony
dick	HasProperty	cock
psychology	AtLocation	university
content	PartOf	book
art	IsA	beauty
ovary	PartOf	female
wrench	NotIsA	screwdriver
tickle	Causes	giggle
ice	MadeOf	water
microsoft	HasProperty	company
sing	AtLocation	concert
person	IsA	life
mistake	ReceivesAction	erase
cake	AtLocation	bakery
universe	HasProperty	large
age	Causes	wrinkle
toad	AtLocation	pond
doll	AtLocation	house
calculator	UsedFor	mathematics
character	AtLocation	novel
duck	AtLocation	lake
car	AtLocation	interstate
book	AtLocation	bookshop
table	HasProperty	stable
tuesday	IsA	weekday
beaker	AtLocation	lab
show	AtLocation	television
bird	AtLocation	birdhouse
monarchy	IsA	government
chicken	IsA	fowl
waitress	AtLocation	bar
earth	HasProperty	green
caffeine	IsA	stimulant
grass	AtLocation	lawn
football	NotHasProperty	round
key	IsA	metal
cupcake	IsA	cake
honesty	PartOf	integrity
pepperoni	AtLocation	pizza
child	HasProperty	curious
water	IsA	beverage
dog	HasA	hair
sheep	PartOf	flock
stone	UsedFor	throw
club	IsA	weapon
army	UsedFor	defense
human	AtLocation	love
ski	HasPrerequisite	snow
psychiatrist	IsA	doctor
chair	IsA	sit
brick	MadeOf	clay
orchid	IsA	flower
guitar	AtLocation	band
cradle	IsA	bed
australia	IsA	country
run	HasProperty	swim
penguin	AtLocation	zoo
b	PartOf	alphabet
cook	HasSubevent	fry
river	UsedFor	fish
think	UsedFor	reason
mouse	AtLocation	house
arachnophobia	IsA	phobia
field	IsA	landscape
carrot	HasProperty	orange
love	Causes	child
tree	HasA	leave
oval	HasProperty	round
pebble	AtLocation	beach
leg	UsedFor	stand
actor	AtLocation	play
cubicle	IsA	workspace
violet	HasProperty	blue
person	HasProperty	good
wrong	HasProperty	bad
music	AtLocation	carnival
worker	AtLocation	work
cat	CapableOf	vomit
walk	UsedFor	exercise
ice cream	AtLocation	freezer
animal	UsedFor	pet
antique	HasProperty	old
money	AtLocation	safe
polish	UsedFor	clean
cake	MadeOf	flour
lover	CapableOf	kiss
cat	HasProperty	fuzzy
lifeguard	AtLocation	pool
knob	IsA	control
molecule	MadeOf	atom
cruelty	HasProperty	bad
verb	IsA	action word
think	MotivatedByGoal	understand
dollar	UsedFor	spend
information	AtLocation	online
dollar	IsA	money
birthday	UsedFor	celebrate
beaver	AtLocation	forest
noodle	UsedFor	eat
act	PartOf	theater
computer	MadeOf	hardware
number	IsA	quantity
kangaroo	SymbolOf	australia
kilt	HasProperty	plaid
speaker	PartOf	stereo
tooth	CapableOf	decay
water	AtLocation	milk
ball	UsedFor	catch
typewriter	IsA	machine
rose	SymbolOf	love
tar	HasProperty	black
ball	IsA	dance
water	AtLocation	bubble
piano	IsA	musical instrument
dragon	AtLocation	dungeon
note	IsA	music
house	HasA	furniture
medicine	AtLocation	doctor
dog	CapableOf	urinate
alamo	PartOf	texas
paper	AtLocation	draw
dna	CapableOf	replicate
crochet	IsA	hobby
salad	IsA	food
pray	HasPrerequisite	believe
p	PartOf	alphabet
person	IsA	individual
new zealand	IsA	country
explosive	UsedFor	war
dance	HasProperty	fun
write	MotivatedByGoal	communicate
seat	AtLocation	airplane
mayor	UsedFor	council
water	AtLocation	bridge
syrup	AtLocation	waffle
mail	AtLocation	post office
sphinx	AtLocation	egypt
government	UsedFor	oppression
sunny	IsA	weather
library	NotHasProperty	quiet
rest	UsedFor	relaxation
tuna	IsA	fish
cranberry	IsA	fruit
arm	IsA	body part
sitcom	AtLocation	tv
sex	Causes	enjoyment
key	AtLocation	piano
wall	AtLocation	room
god	CapableOf	love
saw	IsA	tool
screw	UsedFor	turn
porn	CausesDesire	masturbate
machine	UsedFor	lubricate
gym	AtLocation	school
reception	AtLocation	hotel
lark	IsA	fun
bazaar	AtLocation	india
diner	UsedFor	eat
flea	IsA	insect
spade	IsA	tool
lion	AtLocation	africa
fun	CausesDesire	travel
london	IsA	city
prince	IsA	royalty
oar	UsedFor	row
sing	Causes	happiness
noon	PartOf	day
music	ReceivesAction	compose
water	AtLocation	toilet
penicillin	IsA	antibiotic
couple	HasProperty	happy
antenna	PartOf	cockroach
ketchup	HasPrerequisite	tomato
dust	AtLocation	library
state	AtLocation	country
line	UsedFor	geometry
relax	HasPrerequisite	lie down
ghost	AtLocation	cemetery
water	AtLocation	shower
submarine	AtLocation	ocean
brandy	IsA	booze
crab	IsA	shellfish
grass	AtLocation	garden
bassoon	AtLocation	band
revolver	IsA	gun
ape	IsA	primate
book	PartOf	library
skateboard	IsA	sport
laugh	HasSubevent	smile
skyscraper	MadeOf	steel
hole	HasProperty	round
cook	UsedFor	prepare food
sleep	CausesDesire	snore
sister	IsA	relative
steak	AtLocation	house
parakeet	IsA	bird
letter	IsA	symbol
space	IsA	area
dog	UsedFor	companionship
razor	AtLocation	shower
shampoo	AtLocation	shower
person	IsA	hypocrite
lung	PartOf	body
cottage	AtLocation	village
apple	HasProperty	sweet
heat	AtLocation	oven
handle	PartOf	shovel
trivial pursuit	IsA	board game
diamond	IsA	jewel
wart	AtLocation	frog
relaxation	PartOf	recreation
clerk	AtLocation	shop
viola	AtLocation	orchestra
intimacy	AtLocation	family
ice	IsA	solid
snow	AtLocation	canada
men	IsA	horny
sister	IsA	girl
toilet paper	HasProperty	soft
thumb	PartOf	hand
literature	UsedFor	read
motorcycle	InheritsFrom	car
compete	UsedFor	sport
money	SymbolOf	richness
snow	AtLocation	winter
clam	IsA	mollusk
google	AtLocation	internet
pepper	IsA	spice
calculator	IsA	machine
tv	RelatedTo	vcr
water	HasProperty	liquid
chapel	UsedFor	pray
hitler	IsA	dictator
overflow	AtLocation	sink
tail	PartOf	cat
comic	AtLocation	newspaper
cellar	UsedFor	basement
shelter	AtLocation	house
aquarium	UsedFor	fish
mistake	ReceivesAction	fix
ice	UsedFor	drink
kidney	PartOf	body
staple	UsedFor	fasten
bird	Desires	fly
space	AtLocation	sky
vulture	IsA	scavenger
wheel	HasProperty	round
bag	IsA	container
cat	IsA	pet
lane	AtLocation	street
bee	AtLocation	hive
water	AtLocation	drain
flower	CapableOf	wither
seven	IsA	number
steel	IsA	alloy
garden	CapableOf	grow
democrat	HasProperty	left-wing
you	HasA	identity
banana	HasProperty	mushy
jean	IsA	fabric
ear	CapableOf	hear
man	AtLocation	love
sheet	PartOf	bed
bowl	MadeOf	clay
china	MadeOf	ceramic
litter	AtLocation	park
text	PartOf	book
jewelry	HasProperty	expensive
talk	MotivatedByGoal	communicate
kiss	UsedFor	affection
booger	AtLocation	nose
tire	AtLocation	truck
hair	UsedFor	comb
butterfly	IsA	insect
water	AtLocation	garden
eye	ReceivesAction	blue
dragon	CapableOf	fly
ninja	IsA	fighter
apple	HasProperty	edible
orange	HasA	peel
aspirin	IsA	analgesic
cocaine	HasProperty	addictive
steakhouse	IsA	restaurant
land	AtLocation	ocean
crayon	UsedFor	draw
frog	HasPrerequisite	water
salmon	IsA	food
soprano	AtLocation	choir
organism	MadeOf	cell
wife	IsA	family
cash	IsA	money
jog	IsA	exercise
freeway	HasProperty	busy
pen	RelatedTo	pencil
chair	UsedFor	rest
dish	UsedFor	eat
eat	MotivatedByGoal	survive
couch	AtLocation	den
weed	HasProperty	green
listen	Causes	understand
stem	PartOf	apple
garden	AtLocation	yard
beauty	IsA	skin deep
book	AtLocation	shelf
apple	HasProperty	red
chimpanzee	IsA	animal
crop	IsA	plant
learn	HasLastSubevent	know
c	IsA	letter
bronze	IsA	alloy
pencil	AtLocation	backpack
best friend	IsA	friend
milk	UsedFor	drink
ocean	HasA	salt water
tenor	UsedFor	sing
serotonin	IsA	neurotransmitter
celebrate	HasSubevent	party
light bulb	HasProperty	fragile
oboe	AtLocation	orchestra
dunce	AtLocation	corner
hour	HasProperty	late
avenue	IsA	street
moss	AtLocation	tree
slug	HasProperty	slow
swimmer	AtLocation	beach
data	MadeOf	bit
water	AtLocation	flood
noise	IsA	sound
baseball	HasPrerequisite	ball
camper	AtLocation	forest
seaweed	AtLocation	beach
girl	AtLocation	school
someone	AtLocation	vague
fleet	PartOf	navy
bread	AtLocation	sandwich
fart	HasPrerequisite	gas
fire	Causes	burn
avenue	AtLocation	city
earth	AtLocation	space
honey	HasProperty	sweet
icon	AtLocation	desktop
taxi	UsedFor	travel
air	MadeOf	oxygen
god	UsedFor	hope
star	PartOf	constellation
object	IsA	thing
paris	AtLocation	france
asia	InstanceOf	continent
keyboard	HasA	key
pool	IsA	game
province	PartOf	country
needle	AtLocation	haystack
sword	MadeOf	steel
horn	HasProperty	gold
emerald	HasProperty	green
rain	IsA	weather
salmon	IsA	fish
beer	UsedFor	drink
compete	HasLastSubevent	lose
san francisco	PartOf	california
brim	PartOf	hat
tack	AtLocation	cork board
water	AtLocation	pond
sex	HasProperty	pleasurable
tale	IsA	story
study	MotivatedByGoal	learn
horse	HasProperty	beautiful
gerbil	IsA	mammal
card	UsedFor	identification
star	AtLocation	sky
feather	AtLocation	bird
sight	IsA	sense
shark	PartOf	animal
surface	UsedFor	counter
mountain	HasProperty	big
house	UsedFor	sale
eat	HasPrerequisite	food
symmetry	HasProperty	beautiful
latex	IsA	paint
cabinet	AtLocation	office
planet	AtLocation	galaxy
food	HasProperty	yummy
unicycle	HasA	one wheel
war	IsA	strategy
sprint	HasProperty	fast
dolphin	IsA	animal
sitcom	AtLocation	television
lamp	CapableOf	illuminate
garbage	AtLocation	landfill
frisbee	HasProperty	fun
paper	UsedFor	write
iphone	IsA	telephone
frame	UsedFor	picture
wood	ReceivesAction	nail
ink	UsedFor	color
house	MadeOf	room
shoe	HasA	heel
hot dog	UsedFor	eat
swallow	HasPrerequisite	chew
comb	UsedFor	hair
mailbox	HasProperty	open
science	UsedFor	discovery
god	IsA	omnipotent
garbage	UsedFor	recycle
tab	AtLocation	bar
bread	UsedFor	eat
turkey	IsA	bird
satellite	AtLocation	orbit
lesson	HasSubevent	learn
new york	RelatedTo	broadway
pretend	Causes	play
work	NotHasProperty	fun
ice hockey	IsA	sport
joke	HasProperty	bad
cream cheese	HasA	fat
example	HasProperty	similar
beggar	AtLocation	street
sidewalk	UsedFor	walk
park	AtLocation	city
plato	IsA	philosopher
light	ReceivesAction	see
brazil	PartOf	south america
man	HasA	penis
bat	UsedFor	fly
fruit	HasProperty	edible
ubuntu	IsA	linux
book	UsedFor	educate
door	CapableOf	open
latin	IsA	language
bomb	UsedFor	terrorism
son	AtLocation	family
table	AtLocation	restaurant
isle	AtLocation	ocean
servo	PartOf	robot
purple	IsA	color
hospital	HasA	patient
lizard	AtLocation	desert
seat belt	CapableOf	life
bathe	UsedFor	relax
night	HasProperty	dark
foot	CapableOf	stink
thunder	IsA	noise
oven	UsedFor	bake
mail	IsA	message
kiss	SymbolOf	love
exercise	Causes	fatigue
water	ReceivesAction	boil
drive	HasProperty	walk
sunday	IsA	holiday
gas	ReceivesAction	compress
mineral	AtLocation	rock
stall	AtLocation	market
masturbation	HasProperty	taboo
auditorium	AtLocation	high school
hay	AtLocation	loft
picture	AtLocation	wall
chicago	IsA	city
airplane	UsedFor	transport
garage	UsedFor	car
party	IsA	event
snow	Causes	blizzard
computer	UsedFor	program
lunatic	AtLocation	asylum
death	AtLocation	war
water	IsA	solvent
sun	Causes	light
friction	IsA	force
internet	UsedFor	communicate
live	HasSubevent	die
inmate	AtLocation	jail
moon	IsA	sphere
keyboard	PartOf	piano
gold	IsA	metal
freeway	NotHasProperty	free
vise	IsA	clamp
fish	AtLocation	aquarium
lsd	IsA	hallucinogen
eat	HasProperty	satisfy
dance	NotHasProperty	fun
tree	HasProperty	tall
government	AtLocation	country
glass	AtLocation	window
lane	UsedFor	bowl
bean	AtLocation	can
shoe	AtLocation	foot
star	AtLocation	space
e-mail	UsedFor	communicate
computer	HasProperty	digital
storm	CapableOf	damage
exercise	Causes	diet
ticket	AtLocation	train
handle	PartOf	car
ice cream	HasProperty	sweet
rat	IsA	animal
fireplace	AtLocation	cabin
game	IsA	activity
hospital	SymbolOf	sickness
cotton	HasProperty	soft
green	IsA	colour
iron	HasProperty	hard
moss	AtLocation	forest
dentist	IsA	doctor
pate	HasA	liver
aardvark	IsA	animal
friend	AtLocation	you
smoke	Causes	cancer
sex	UsedFor	procreation
letter	MadeOf	paper
beam	AtLocation	ceiling
paint	IsA	picture
water	HasProperty	deep
velvet	IsA	fabric
clutch	PartOf	car
family	IsA	person
emotion	UsedFor	feel
credit card	UsedFor	charge
food	UsedFor	sustenance
bug	CapableOf	fly
hotel	UsedFor	rest
hot dog	IsA	sandwich
hair	AtLocation	mammal
build	CreatedBy	architect
artist	CapableOf	draw
doctor	UsedFor	illness
class	HasSubevent	study
tea	AtLocation	teapot
rest	HasPrerequisite	sleep
gel	UsedFor	toothpaste
pig	IsA	animal
swim	UsedFor	exercise
chick	IsA	baby chicken
fence	HasA	post
resident	AtLocation	apartment
brother	HasProperty	male
run	UsedFor	exercise
rest	Causes	sleep
m	PartOf	alphabet
arch	AtLocation	church
court	UsedFor	trial
hydrogen	IsA	element
chinese food	HasProperty	delicious
perform	HasSubevent	sing
ostrich	IsA	bird
bear	HasA	fur
meat	HasA	protein
tornado	HasProperty	big
memory	AtLocation	computer
run	HasPrerequisite	walk
city	HasProperty	crowd
plane	IsA	vehicle
clock	CapableOf	chime
keyboard	PartOf	computer
beverage	IsA	drink
knob	AtLocation	doorway
terrace	AtLocation	house
decision	HasA	consequence
farm	AtLocation	country
highway	UsedFor	car
food	UsedFor	nourishment
shop	ReceivesAction	open
attic	PartOf	house
space shuttle	MadeOf	ceramic
world	NotHasProperty	round
read	CausesDesire	think
lesbian	IsA	sexuality
shade	AtLocation	tree
slinky	IsA	toy
pencil	AtLocation	desk
aisle	AtLocation	theater
game	IsA	competition
sweet	MadeOf	sugar
sing	AtLocation	opera
listen	UsedFor	hear
tree	PartOf	forrest
paprika	IsA	spice
superstition	Causes	religion
bottle	IsA	vessel
swimmer	AtLocation	pool
football	IsA	sport
typewriter	HasProperty	old
sex	HasProperty	dirty
cord	PartOf	telephone
entertainment	AtLocation	show
raspberry	IsA	fruit
write	HasPrerequisite	paper
lenin	HasProperty	communist
dog	HasA	paw
drum	UsedFor	beat
pit	PartOf	plum
sister	AtLocation	family
rice	IsA	food
breathe	HasPrerequisite	inhale
transmission	PartOf	automobile
couple	HasProperty	two
water	AtLocation	bathroom
solar system	HasA	planet
hot dog	IsA	food
sister	PartOf	family
run	Causes	exhaustion
steam	IsA	cook
boot	HasA	heel
daughter	IsA	offspring
fish	NotHasA	lung
death	Causes	sadness
ball	UsedFor	bowl
monkey	InstanceOf	animal
child	AtLocation	school
loss	PartOf	life
life	NotDesires	end
rock	AtLocation	waterfall
opinion	AtLocation	newspaper
barrel	PartOf	gun
cat	AtLocation	house
write	HasFirstSubevent	think
dog	CapableOf	scratch
chair	IsA	seat
horse	IsA	equine
heat	IsA	energy
religion	AtLocation	synagogue
radio	UsedFor	listen
alcoholic	UsedFor	alcohol
gun	HasA	trigger
stair	HasA	rail
tree	IsA	plant
dove	CapableOf	fly
breathe	HasSubevent	exhale
person	HasProperty	alone
school	HasA	classroom
loft	AtLocation	home
man	IsA	human
axe	IsA	tool
picture	AtLocation	book
flannel	IsA	fabric
dog	HasProperty	faithful
athlete	AtLocation	olympics
penguin	AtLocation	south pole
canoe	HasProperty	fun
fire	HasProperty	light
dna	AtLocation	cell
apple	HasProperty	green
rap	IsA	music
water	AtLocation	pool
pumpkin	IsA	fruit
england	HasA	royalty
dish	IsA	plate
plant	PartOf	nature
breathe	MotivatedByGoal	live
advertise	AtLocation	newspaper
laser	IsA	light
fingernail	UsedFor	scratch
water	AtLocation	drool
gene	PartOf	chromosome
queen	IsA	monarch
popeye	IsA	cartoon
submarine	IsA	boat
exercise	HasSubevent	run
pay attention	MotivatedByGoal	listen
lens	AtLocation	eye
rodent	IsA	mammal
maine	IsA	state
moose	IsA	animal
mandarin	IsA	fruit
grapefruit	IsA	fruit
pirate	AtLocation	boat
kitten	IsA	young cat
screwdriver	AtLocation	garage
companionship	AtLocation	marriage
crow	HasProperty	black
oxygen	PartOf	air
live	HasLastSubevent	die
king	HasA	kingdom
fall	CapableOf	hurt
tree	UsedFor	wood
apple juice	IsA	drink
mammal	HasA	fur
book	IsA	knowledge
slave	IsA	person
cartoon	RelatedTo	animation
produce	AtLocation	market
cloud	AtLocation	sky
sydney	PartOf	australia
linen	IsA	fabric
cross	SymbolOf	christianity
pig	HasProperty	pink
nothing	HasProperty	free
uranium	IsA	element
water	HasProperty	boil
crocodile	PartOf	animal
rule	IsA	law
water	IsA	fluid
linen	AtLocation	closet
spit	HasPrerequisite	saliva
carpet	HasProperty	soft
tickle	UsedFor	fun
geometry	IsA	mathematics
baby	CreatedBy	sex
hard drive	AtLocation	computer
santa claus	SymbolOf	christmas
cry	HasSubevent	sob
bean	UsedFor	plant
relax	HasPrerequisite	comfort
food	AtLocation	bowl
stalagmite	AtLocation	cave
ski	UsedFor	fun
time	HasProperty	infinite
superhero	AtLocation	comic
lion	UsedFor	safari
japan	IsA	island
machine	AtLocation	factory
paint	HasA	lead
housefly	IsA	insect
machete	IsA	knife
mind	UsedFor	think
horse	HasProperty	big
pollution	AtLocation	air
lie	UsedFor	fraud
game	IsA	fun
level	AtLocation	video game
sport	IsA	game
lasagna	IsA	food
south america	IsA	continent
professor	AtLocation	university
vehicle	UsedFor	transportation
runner	AtLocation	track
hot chocolate	HasProperty	sweet
fish	AtLocation	ocean
murder	Causes	trial
piano	AtLocation	concert
flirt	HasPrerequisite	tease
brain	UsedFor	think
ecology	IsA	science
baby	HasProperty	fussy
goose	CapableOf	fly
college	IsA	institution
mouth	CapableOf	speak
gasoline	IsA	liquid
kitten	HasProperty	small
oatmeal	IsA	food
cloud	HasProperty	white
leg	PartOf	spider
mink	IsA	mammal
thief	CapableOf	steal
coin	UsedFor	flip
corpse	AtLocation	graveyard
cartoon	IsA	show
mouse	UsedFor	click
reindeer	IsA	animal
air	AtLocation	sky
person	HasProperty	mean
clinton	DefinedAs	president
mustard	AtLocation	jar
athlete	CapableOf	sprint
squirrel	Desires	nut
corn	IsA	plant
sink	PartOf	bathroom
door	ReceivesAction	close
government	HasPrerequisite	organization
draw	CreatedBy	artist
tuba	IsA	musical instrument
spirit	UsedFor	drink
write	HasPrerequisite	pen
notebook	IsA	computer
hand	AtLocation	glove
umbrella	AtLocation	beach
sculpture	MadeOf	plaster
wheat	IsA	grain
shirt	UsedFor	dress
exercise	HasSubevent	perspire
drain	PartOf	sink
storm	UsedFor	rain
town	IsA	community
file	AtLocation	drawer
roof	HasProperty	red
village	AtLocation	countryside
train	UsedFor	ride
pedal	AtLocation	piano
fire	Causes	heat
system	AtLocation	computer
study	PartOf	education
fingerprint	PartOf	finger
reporter	CapableOf	report
tower	AtLocation	castle
summer	IsA	season
whale	AtLocation	sea
fork	HasA	prong
salt	AtLocation	ocean
space	DefinedAs	future
food	AtLocation	market
garden	AtLocation	backyard
roller coaster	HasProperty	fun
burger	IsA	fast food
grasshopper	IsA	insect
drown	HasSubevent	die
child	HasProperty	playful
mint	IsA	spice
cash	AtLocation	wallet
comedy	IsA	show
beaver	IsA	rodent
duck	IsA	animal
read	Causes	think
heart	PartOf	body
kitty	HasProperty	cute
page	AtLocation	book
bullseye	IsA	target
bell	UsedFor	ring
bat	HasA	wing
psychiatrist	PartOf	doctor
tortoise	HasA	shell
pitcher	IsA	container
listen	Causes	learn
milk	AtLocation	cereal
kettle	MadeOf	copper
seat	UsedFor	relax
mother	HasA	child
knife	CapableOf	cut
screen	PartOf	laptop
harp	HasA	string
phone	UsedFor	communicate
circus	SymbolOf	clown
cow	AtLocation	hamburger
rubber	AtLocation	tire
letter	PartOf	word
wolf	AtLocation	forest
drink	IsA	food
guitar	HasA	string
skyscraper	UsedFor	city
bike	UsedFor	ride
computer	UsedFor	print
skyscraper	HasProperty	tall
corpse	AtLocation	morgue
car	HasA	seat
sender	PartOf	letter
fox	IsA	mammal
tea	HasA	caffeine
epidemic	IsA	disease
article	UsedFor	read
whisky	AtLocation	bar
housewife	UsedFor	valium
titanic	InstanceOf	movie
toilet	UsedFor	pee
number	UsedFor	math
airplane	AtLocation	hanger
library	AtLocation	book
chalkboard	AtLocation	classroom
cathedral	HasA	dome
metal	HasProperty	strong
clown	AtLocation	circus
burrito	IsA	mexican food
performance	UsedFor	art
wheat	IsA	grass
kitten	IsA	cat
galaxy	PartOf	universe
sleep	HasLastSubevent	wake up
equator	PartOf	globe
vegetable	HasProperty	green
thatch	AtLocation	roof
game	IsA	toy
groundhog	IsA	rodent
yacht	HasProperty	expensive
footprint	AtLocation	moon
tablespoon	IsA	measurement
diamond	AtLocation	ring
nylon	IsA	fabric
arm	IsA	limb
lip	AtLocation	face
cartoon	IsA	picture
paint	HasPrerequisite	brush
light	HasProperty	on
thread	UsedFor	sew
horse	IsA	animal
pebble	AtLocation	gravel
knowledge	PartOf	wisdom
mint	IsA	taste
cloudy	IsA	weather
midnight	PartOf	day
drive	HasPrerequisite	vehicle
bacteria	IsA	organism
garbage	UsedFor	throw away
arabic	ReceivesAction	language
reptile	AtLocation	zoo
mammal	HasA	hair
number	AtLocation	equation
n	PartOf	alphabet
party	IsA	dress up
cart	AtLocation	supermarket
silver	AtLocation	mine
voice	AtLocation	radio
sunset	HasProperty	beautiful
yellow	DefinedAs	color
bbq	AtLocation	backyard
door	ReceivesAction	lock
sir	DefinedAs	knight
maine	IsA	place
wine	IsA	beverage
mirror	AtLocation	wall
corpse	AtLocation	funeral
dinner	HasProperty	cook
hike	HasProperty	fun
mouse	AtLocation	cat
capital	AtLocation	country
inventor	CapableOf	invent
vicar	AtLocation	church
french	IsA	language
chocolate	HasProperty	edible
actor	AtLocation	theater
song	IsA	poem
boot	IsA	cover
foundation	PartOf	house
porcelain	HasProperty	fragile
coffin	MadeOf	wood
paperclip	AtLocation	desk
globe	HasProperty	round
bed	AtLocation	bedroom
believer	AtLocation	church
vertebrate	HasProperty	animal
king	HasProperty	royal
wheat	AtLocation	mill
bridge	MadeOf	stone
comet	AtLocation	sky
turtle	Desires	water
capital	AtLocation	state
communicate	HasSubevent	misunderstand
zebra	IsA	horse
sea	AtLocation	ocean
werewolf	IsA	monster
sky	HasProperty	blue
cotton candy	AtLocation	carnival
tire	MadeOf	rubber
hill	AtLocation	countryside
alcoholic	Desires	liquor
color	HasProperty	blue
apple	ReceivesAction	tart
squid	AtLocation	sea
world	HasProperty	wide
pear	HasProperty	green
home	IsA	house
new	NotHasProperty	good
ocean	MadeOf	water
necessity	DefinedAs	mother of invention
fact	IsA	information
sky	AtLocation	rainbow
schizophrenia	IsA	psychosis
parkway	UsedFor	drive
fatigue	CausesDesire	sleep
party	HasProperty	fun
key	PartOf	piano
boot	CausesDesire	hike
talk	HasPrerequisite	listen
softball	IsA	ball
prince	AtLocation	fairy tale
ear	PartOf	face
pen	AtLocation	desk
justification	HasPrerequisite	logic
algae	AtLocation	water
airplane	IsA	transportation
boat	AtLocation	harbor
typewriter	HasProperty	noisy
lubricant	HasProperty	slippery
chapel	UsedFor	god
paper	HasProperty	white
meal	AtLocation	dinner
antique	HasProperty	valuable
cheese	PartOf	pizza
voice	HasProperty	loud
blood	AtLocation	vein
second floor	IsA	first floor
stage	AtLocation	theatre
ostrich	IsA	animal
chicken	IsA	meat
leg	AtLocation	table
dream	Causes	fantasy
floor	HasProperty	flat
water	ReceivesAction	pollute
oboe	IsA	woodwind
ocean	HasProperty	deep
rest	HasPrerequisite	lie down
explosive	UsedFor	blast
barn	AtLocation	farm
study	UsedFor	work
ear	HasA	wax
smoke	UsedFor	habit
state	PartOf	country
dagger	UsedFor	cut
run	Causes	sweat
wing	AtLocation	bird
bullet	UsedFor	projectile
kayak	IsA	boat
can	HasA	trash
pepsi	IsA	soda
sun	Causes	sunburn
god	NotCapableOf	exist
synthesizer	IsA	instrument
child	HasProperty	small
a	IsA	letter
auditorium	PartOf	school
run	IsA	exercise
revolver	IsA	handgun
cigarette	HasProperty	addictive
sun	IsA	life
velvet	HasProperty	soft
paint	CapableOf	dry
beaver	AtLocation	river
comb	UsedFor	groom
study	HasPrerequisite	procrastinate
daisy	AtLocation	field
swine	IsA	animal
marry	HasSubevent	divorce
torso	PartOf	body
stair	UsedFor	climb
goat	Desires	eat
jewelry	HasProperty	pretty
consciousness	HasProperty	awareness
potato	AtLocation	farm
water	UsedFor	clean
city	HasProperty	pollute
spoon	AtLocation	bowl
candy	MadeOf	sugar
woman	CapableOf	sex
apple	AtLocation	ipod
cookie	HasProperty	sweet
latte	IsA	coffee
cat	HasProperty	cute
nostril	PartOf	nose
stain	AtLocation	rug
ritual	IsA	ceremony
queen	AtLocation	england
frog	IsA	amphibian
wool	AtLocation	sheep
murder	IsA	evil
flute	IsA	instrument
football	MadeOf	pigskin
family	CapableOf	together
listen	HasPrerequisite	pay attention
homosexual	AtLocation	closet
sale	AtLocation	store
walk	HasPrerequisite	leg
green	SymbolOf	inexperience
hotel	UsedFor	sleep
product	ReceivesAction	buy
lie	PartOf	slander
motorcycle	IsA	vehicle
airplane	UsedFor	flight
yoga	UsedFor	meditation
lollypop	IsA	candy
emu	IsA	bird
pond	HasA	water
pot	HasA	water
bad guy	AtLocation	jail
dog	AtLocation	backyard
vessel	IsA	container
storm	AtLocation	sea
stationary	AtLocation	desk
tickle	Causes	laughter
nicotine	IsA	drug
chess	IsA	game
lock	UsedFor	privacy
priest	CapableOf	preach
tape	HasProperty	sticky
chicken	Causes	egg
bathe	HasPrerequisite	water
mammoth	AtLocation	ice
plunger	UsedFor	toilet
cabinet	IsA	furniture
horn	UsedFor	honk
book	AtLocation	desktop
steak	ReceivesAction	cut
person	Desires	mean
grasshopper	AtLocation	field
stethoscope	AtLocation	doctor
rifle	IsA	firearm
nose	AtLocation	face
money	SymbolOf	currency
juice	IsA	liquid
apricot	InstanceOf	fruit
tickle	UsedFor	sensation
mug	UsedFor	drink
algebra	AtLocation	classroom
vine	IsA	plant
fog	PartOf	weather
pail	IsA	bucket
cow	AtLocation	pasture
niece	IsA	girl
shit	HasProperty	disgust
passion	UsedFor	romance
eye	AtLocation	face
enjoy	InheritsFrom	entertain
life	HasPrerequisite	death
wool	IsA	fabric
drink	AtLocation	cup
walnut	HasA	shell
sidewalk	IsA	walkway
trombone	UsedFor	music
hatred	AtLocation	war
dog	AtLocation	pound
sun	HasProperty	bright
pool	AtLocation	backyard
indigo	IsA	color
news	AtLocation	tv
potato	IsA	tuber
torso	IsA	body part
wash	LocationOfAction	bathroom
boat	AtLocation	river
soprano	IsA	singer
news	AtLocation	television
fox	AtLocation	wild
someone	CapableOf	love
cheese	HasProperty	smelly
vampire	IsA	undead
king	RelatedTo	princess
company	DesireOf	employee
cheese	CreatedBy	milk
meat	IsA	food
roofer	AtLocation	roof
matter	IsA	energy
risk	IsA	board game
house	HasA	garden
work	HasProperty	hard
flu	IsA	virus
garbage	ReceivesAction	recycle
evergreen	IsA	tree
someone	CapableOf	kill
light bulb	IsA	light source
ice	AtLocation	freezer
child	HasProperty	young
desk	AtLocation	office
statue	IsA	symbol
roast	AtLocation	oven
faith	AtLocation	church
white	IsA	colour
square	AtLocation	geometry
class	AtLocation	school
hammer	HasProperty	hard
counter	PartOf	kitchen
wind	MadeOf	air
desk	IsA	furniture
lobster	IsA	seafood
horseshoe	UsedFor	luck
ink	CapableOf	smudge
wine	IsA	liquid
study	RelatedTo	math
food	AtLocation	cellar
son	IsA	male
person	Desires	life
roller coaster	HasProperty	thrill
creek	AtLocation	forest
text	IsA	book
neighborhood	PartOf	city
house	NotIsA	home
cable	AtLocation	computer
golf	IsA	sport
wine	UsedFor	drink
typewriter	UsedFor	type
kitchen	PartOf	house
cotton	IsA	fabric
bowl	IsA	game
silverware	UsedFor	etiquette
backyard	AtLocation	house
space	IsA	eternity
salt	IsA	spice
polar bear	IsA	bear
motorcycle	UsedFor	transportation
math	HasProperty	fun
jelly	AtLocation	jar
food	AtLocation	cafeteria
alley	HasProperty	narrow
coffee	CreatedBy	brew
celebrate	UsedFor	fun
sea	HasProperty	salty
lens	MadeOf	glass
jealousy	IsA	emotion
pepper	HasProperty	hot
dish	UsedFor	food
antler	IsA	horn
monkey	AtLocation	rain forest
keyboard	IsA	computer
listen	Causes	hear
work	HasPrerequisite	concentration
milk	HasProperty	white
claw	CapableOf	scratch
think	HasPrerequisite	memory
lotion	AtLocation	bottle
goose	IsA	animal
gymnastics	IsA	sport
heaven	AtLocation	sky
flag	AtLocation	flagpole
music	HasProperty	soothe
ticket	UsedFor	speed
wood	AtLocation	tree
whore	IsA	prostitute
quark	AtLocation	atom
floor	AtLocation	house
trout	AtLocation	water
speaker	CapableOf	sound
atmosphere	IsA	gas
sashimi	IsA	raw fish
daughter	IsA	girl
duck	ReceivesAction	roast
bed	UsedFor	relaxation
goldfish	NotMadeOf	gold
communicate	Causes	misunderstand
eat	AtLocation	restaurant
shadow	HasProperty	dark
son	IsA	relative
sponge	UsedFor	clean
gate	UsedFor	close
son	PartOf	family
canada	HasProperty	cold
scale	AtLocation	bathroom
cottage	IsA	house
jean	UsedFor	wear
oboe	IsA	wind instrument
ride	AtLocation	fair
refrigerator	HasA	food
plate	AtLocation	dishwasher
fabric	UsedFor	clothe
mine	AtLocation	underground
string	UsedFor	guitar
drug	AtLocation	drugstore
scale	UsedFor	balance
kitchen	UsedFor	cook
titanic	InstanceOf	film
universe	HasProperty	infinite
walrus	IsA	mammal
chinese food	HasProperty	spicy
catfish	UsedFor	eat
piece	UsedFor	puzzle
lemon	HasProperty	bitter
bind	PartOf	book
gas	UsedFor	heat
bicycle	HasA	pedal
cook	HasPrerequisite	ingredient
edge	PartOf	sword
turtle	CapableOf	swim
airplane	AtLocation	airport
freeway	UsedFor	drive
corpse	AtLocation	coffin
corn	IsA	grain
kelp	AtLocation	ocean
television	PartOf	den
child	AtLocation	daycare
plastic	HasProperty	hard
fork	AtLocation	road
animal	CapableOf	bite
monopoly	IsA	board game
star trek	IsA	movie
credit card	MadeOf	plastic
man	CapableOf	love
insulin	IsA	hormone
die	HasPrerequisite	live
room	HasA	furniture
phone	AtLocation	office
water	AtLocation	whirlpool
poison	Causes	sickness
parrot	CapableOf	talk
flour	MadeOf	wheat
language	HasA	word
dragonfly	CapableOf	fly
ink	UsedFor	dye
hospitality	AtLocation	hotel
printer	AtLocation	office
article	AtLocation	newspaper
tickle	HasSubevent	laugh
pirate	Desires	booty
x-ray	IsA	radiation
wood	IsA	tree
dead	HasSubevent	suffocate
eraser	NotCapableOf	erase
cement	HasProperty	hard
seed	AtLocation	fruit
hotel	HasA	lobby
flask	HasA	liquid
lettuce	AtLocation	salad
environment	AtLocation	ecology
onion	IsA	vegetable
banana	HasA	peel
old age	Causes	death
murderer	IsA	criminal
shovel	UsedFor	dig
rain	AtLocation	weather
ball	AtLocation	beach
novel	IsA	story
sleeve	PartOf	shirt
duck	AtLocation	water
school	UsedFor	child
everybody	HasA	body
worm	AtLocation	soil
die	HasPrerequisite	life
talc	IsA	mineral
swimmer	CapableOf	swim
mirror	AtLocation	reflection
game show	AtLocation	television
cotton	IsA	plant
wind instrument	UsedFor	orchestra
bug	IsA	insect
sailboat	AtLocation	lake
channel	AtLocation	river
fawn	IsA	deer
battle	AtLocation	war
turkey	IsA	country
dog	HasA	flea
exercise	Causes	good health
nausea	CausesDesire	vomit
music	HasA	tune
tablecloth	AtLocation	table
car	PartOf	train
england	IsA	country
advertisement	AtLocation	newspaper
chalk	HasProperty	dusty
plaid	IsA	pattern
window	ReceivesAction	open
drug	AtLocation	pharmacy
gold	HasProperty	shiny
television	UsedFor	entertainment
rich	HasPrerequisite	invest
clipboard	MadeOf	wood
duster	UsedFor	dust
relax	HasFirstSubevent	sigh
sew	HasPrerequisite	needle
puppy	IsA	dog
child	CapableOf	love
emu	AtLocation	zoo
art	HasProperty	beautiful
water	AtLocation	ocean
new york	IsA	place
play	HasSubevent	laugh
boat	IsA	transportation
world	HasProperty	huge
robin	IsA	bird
coupon	AtLocation	store
pluto	HasA	moon
apple	IsA	fruit
lamp	AtLocation	desk
star	PartOf	galaxy
knife	IsA	weapon
row	PartOf	table
water	HasProperty	wet
shower	AtLocation	bathroom
concrete	HasProperty	hard
water	UsedFor	drown
qwerty	IsA	keyboard
lion	AtLocation	zoo
violin	MadeOf	wood
iron	HasProperty	heavy
box	AtLocation	post office
steak	InheritsFrom	food
friend	CapableOf	talk
jewelry	HasProperty	valuable
loaf	AtLocation	bakery
fingernail	PartOf	hand
astronomy	IsA	science
book	MadeOf	paper
religion	HasProperty	bad
battle	PartOf	war
author	CapableOf	write
film	IsA	movie
dress	IsA	skirt
glass	UsedFor	drink
eye	UsedFor	vision
trumpet	UsedFor	fanfare
first day of week	IsA	sunday
freeway	UsedFor	car
stone	HasProperty	gray
infant	IsA	baby
tickle	HasProperty	fun
liquid	IsA	phase
basket	IsA	container
russia	IsA	country
boat	UsedFor	row
knowledge	AtLocation	encyclopedia
water	UsedFor	fish
sky	DefinedAs	limit
broom	AtLocation	closet
kill	AtLocation	war
poetry	IsA	art
crockery	MadeOf	clay
dagger	CapableOf	stab
live	Causes	die
food	AtLocation	plate
program	AtLocation	television
water	CapableOf	pour
apple	HasProperty	round
water	AtLocation	spurt
scalpel	IsA	knife
nausea	AtLocation	boat
powder	UsedFor	make up
car	PartOf	traffic
bridge	AtLocation	river
smoke	HasSubevent	cough
ball	ReceivesAction	throw
employee	AtLocation	work
poultry	HasProperty	chicken
heroin	HasProperty	addictive
farmland	AtLocation	countryside
dish	AtLocation	dishwasher
glue	HasProperty	sticky
computer	HasProperty	fun
roller coaster	HasProperty	scary
america	IsA	country
spectacle	IsA	glass
swimmer	AtLocation	lake
plant	HasProperty	green
yarn	UsedFor	knit
shampoo	AtLocation	bathroom
audience	AtLocation	movie
planet	AtLocation	space
orchestra	AtLocation	opera
center	AtLocation	middle
padlock	IsA	lock
cake	UsedFor	eat
doll	UsedFor	play
bird	AtLocation	cage
climb	Causes	fall
lime	IsA	fruit
woman	HasProperty	pretty
rabbit	Desires	lettuce
teenager	NotDesires	pimple
car	UsedFor	transportation
lens	PartOf	microscope
toucan	IsA	bird
sky	HasProperty	up
toast	IsA	bread
black	UsedFor	mourn
snow	HasProperty	wet
memorize	HasSubevent	remember
picture	AtLocation	frame
potato	UsedFor	eat
present	IsA	gift
shirt	UsedFor	cover
vegetarian	NotDesires	meat
shrimp	IsA	crustacean
tobacco	HasProperty	addictive
cancer	Causes	death
sea	UsedFor	sail
bisexual	IsA	person
wash	AtLocation	bathroom
cat	HasA	kitten
music	HasProperty	beautiful
cake	UsedFor	birthday
fur	HasProperty	soft
orange juice	HasA	vitamin c
confetti	ReceivesAction	throw
korea	IsA	country
beer	AtLocation	pub
pop	IsA	music
bride	HasProperty	beautiful
velociraptor	IsA	dinosaur
harp	UsedFor	music
iris	PartOf	eye
cook	PartOf	kitchen
holly	IsA	tree
cheese	IsA	mold
dog	CapableOf	bite
vehicle	UsedFor	drive
apple juice	HasProperty	sweet
hay	AtLocation	stable
bike	UsedFor	transport
universe	HasProperty	huge
geology	IsA	science
set	MadeOf	element
passenger	AtLocation	car
blood	HasProperty	red
bus	UsedFor	travel
play	Causes	fun
cola	HasA	caffeine
number	UsedFor	calculation
sex	RelatedTo	condom
cannon	IsA	weapon
heat	UsedFor	cook
juice	IsA	beverage
sex	AtLocation	bedroom
water	AtLocation	lake
critic	AtLocation	movie
thief	IsA	criminal
computer	HasProperty	compact
usa	NotIsA	democracy
language	UsedFor	communication
student	PartOf	class
donkey	IsA	animal
man	UsedFor	sex
paint	AtLocation	wall
condom	UsedFor	contraception
gasoline	HasProperty	flammable
marijuana	UsedFor	smoke
ink	PartOf	pen
mirror	HasProperty	reflective
trouble	AtLocation	roadblock
document	IsA	paper
orion	IsA	constellation
lobster	IsA	crustacean
furnace	AtLocation	basement
weasel	IsA	animal
lapel	PartOf	shirt
movie	UsedFor	entertain
stapler	IsA	tool
new york	IsA	city
birthday	CausesDesire	celebrate
snot	AtLocation	nose
apple	HasA	skin
ice	HasProperty	hard
common sense	HasProperty	good
sunset	HasProperty	romantic
cheese	CapableOf	smell
rest	Causes	relaxation
water	AtLocation	bucket
stage	AtLocation	show
pray	UsedFor	devout
chemical	HasProperty	dangerous
cat	CapableOf	meow
nerve	AtLocation	body
volcano	CapableOf	erupt
feather	HasProperty	light
forklift	AtLocation	warehouse
balcony	AtLocation	theater
tortoise	IsA	reptile
salad	HasProperty	eat
mac	IsA	computer
damn	AtLocation	hell
animal	IsA	life
stamp	AtLocation	mail
den	PartOf	house
silence	AtLocation	library
chair	MadeOf	wood
horseshoe	MadeOf	metal
office	AtLocation	skyscraper
vegetable	AtLocation	garden
marriage	UsedFor	life
cloth	UsedFor	clean
judge	Desires	justice
principal	AtLocation	school
bell	ReceivesAction	rung
socialize	HasSubevent	talk
apple juice	HasProperty	wet
spider	AtLocation	web
human	HasA	body
junk	AtLocation	garage
pretend	HasFirstSubevent	imagine
cuckoo	IsA	bird
car	CapableOf	stall
hydrogen	PartOf	water
problem	ReceivesAction	solve
can	UsedFor	kick
quiet	AtLocation	library
child	Desires	play
button	AtLocation	shirt
trash	AtLocation	garage
study	RelatedTo	exam
computer	CapableOf	compute
idea	IsA	think
wrench	IsA	tool
scissor	HasProperty	sharp
dog	Desires	run
cogitate	UsedFor	think
lilac	IsA	flower
read	Causes	knowledge
friend	CausesDesire	talk
handle	PartOf	axe
mormon	AtLocation	utah
check	AtLocation	bank
photography	IsA	art
peppermint	IsA	mint
buddhism	IsA	religion
miami	PartOf	florida
rag	UsedFor	clean
court	AtLocation	lawyer
yard	HasProperty	landscape
train	HasProperty	noisy
blackout	Causes	darkness
sofa	UsedFor	sit
whale	AtLocation	underwater
lens	AtLocation	telescope
honesty	HasProperty	good
pretend	HasPrerequisite	imagination
typewriter	HasProperty	obsolete
sky	HasProperty	limitless
slave	UsedFor	labor
baby	HasProperty	helpless
psychology	CreatedBy	psychologist
song	AtLocation	radio
lobe	PartOf	ear
lip	AtLocation	mouth
room	AtLocation	upstairs
room	HasA	wall
continent	MadeOf	country
bedroom	AtLocation	pillow
steam	MadeOf	water
earth	NotHasProperty	flat
bus	UsedFor	transportation
men	HasA	sperm
ball	UsedFor	roll
coin	UsedFor	spend
burlap	AtLocation	sack
clean	Causes	dust
cabbage	IsA	plant
project	IsA	task
peach	IsA	fruit
egg	AtLocation	chicken
fuel	AtLocation	plane
soldier	UsedFor	combat
cow	AtLocation	grass
alto	UsedFor	sing
wing	PartOf	bird
wine bottle	HasA	cork
gin	AtLocation	martini
anchovy	IsA	fish
sweden	IsA	country
memory	MadeOf	experience
baby	HasProperty	bald
robot	MadeOf	metal
itch	HasLastSubevent	scratch
water	AtLocation	stream
robbery	IsA	crime
baby	HasProperty	chubby
passage	IsA	hallway
lace	PartOf	shoe
cigarette	HasA	nicotine
meat	HasProperty	delicious
potato	IsA	food
kiss	HasPrerequisite	lip
person	AtLocation	human
bone	HasA	calcium
pressure	IsA	force
good	ReceivesAction	buy
car	AtLocation	road
tiger	AtLocation	zoo
heart	AtLocation	body
island	HasA	palm tree
stomach	PartOf	organ
tiger	AtLocation	india
saw	HasA	tooth
bakery	AtLocation	bread
tv	UsedFor	entertainment
communicate	HasPrerequisite	talk
happiness	IsA	bliss
preserve	AtLocation	jar
snake	CapableOf	slither
nostril	IsA	hole
government	Desires	order
car	UsedFor	travel
medal	IsA	honor
condom	UsedFor	protection
soldier	Desires	fight
pea	IsA	vegetable
piece	PartOf	whole
cerulean	IsA	blue
sleep	Causes	snore
carnival	AtLocation	fair
clock	AtLocation	wall
dirt	AtLocation	rock
nature	DefinedAs	environment
cougar	IsA	animal
mother	PartOf	family
alcatraz	IsA	prison
room	IsA	place
balcony	AtLocation	opera
cellar	IsA	house
french horn	IsA	instrument
tree	AtLocation	orchard
write	HasPrerequisite	think
monkey	AtLocation	barrel
fire	UsedFor	cook
mirror	MadeOf	glass
soldier	CapableOf	march
survival	HasProperty	necessary
hand	UsedFor	grab
barn	AtLocation	horse
psychology	IsA	science
rose	HasA	thorn
tick	IsA	arachnid
pantry	AtLocation	kitchen
water	AtLocation	brook
stapler	UsedFor	staple
engine	AtLocation	plane
friend	UsedFor	confide
arrow	AtLocation	quiver
walk	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
clutter	AtLocation	desk
sun	Causes	heat
lock	AtLocation	gate
rain	RelatedTo	umbrella
tractor	HasA	wheel
soldier	UsedFor	fight
coin	IsA	money
woodwind	AtLocation	band
baby	HasProperty	young
perform	UsedFor	actor
pizza	IsA	food
whale	HasProperty	big
flower	HasProperty	pretty
ice	ReceivesAction	melt
brain	PartOf	body
pebble	IsA	stone
mushroom	IsA	fungi
hand	CapableOf	sign language
student	CapableOf	examine
plane	HasProperty	fly
baby	CapableOf	giggle
water	HasProperty	salt
cobweb	AtLocation	attic
boat	CapableOf	sink
clean	UsedFor	wash
string	PartOf	kite
doctor	HasProperty	smart
aluminum	IsA	metal
helmet	UsedFor	protection
sound	AtLocation	song
fish	HasSubevent	cast
swim	UsedFor	fun
chair	LocatedNear	table
gong	AtLocation	china
information	AtLocation	book
eat	HasPrerequisite	chew
algebra	AtLocation	school
termite	IsA	insect
agony	IsA	pain
person	HasProperty	kind
meat	UsedFor	meal
duvet	UsedFor	sleep
tooth	UsedFor	bite
embryo	AtLocation	egg
pad	UsedFor	paper
gun	SymbolOf	war
show	AtLocation	theatre
war	Causes	death
jeep	IsA	truck
water	AtLocation	refrigerator
game	AtLocation	arcade
clay	ReceivesAction	mold
basket	HasProperty	weave
aisle	AtLocation	supermarket
puppy	HasProperty	cute
child	NotDesires	spank
vehicle	CapableOf	travel
meat	HasProperty	dead
potato	UsedFor	cook
actor	CapableOf	pretend
frisbee	UsedFor	catch
mouse	AtLocation	hole
wax	CapableOf	melt
ear	UsedFor	listen
cell	AtLocation	body
australia	IsA	continent
dildo	UsedFor	masturbation
pray	HasPrerequisite	god
mast	PartOf	sailboat
snow	IsA	water
burglar	AtLocation	jail
earth	DefinedAs	world
spam	AtLocation	can
breathe	HasPrerequisite	lung
engine	PartOf	aeroplane
frog	AtLocation	swamp
computer	HasA	mouse
gun	AtLocation	war
house	HasProperty	wooden
frog	HasProperty	green
antler	PartOf	deer
pike	IsA	fish
hair	HasProperty	thin
wire	PartOf	tv
child	AtLocation	kindergarten
black	SymbolOf	evil
chocolate	ReceivesAction	melt
bridge	MadeOf	wood
water	AtLocation	bathtub
run	HasPrerequisite	agility
teaspoon	AtLocation	kitchen
turtle	HasProperty	slow
orange juice	UsedFor	drink
statue	MadeOf	marble
phone	IsA	device
world	MadeOf	material
crustacean	IsA	animal
scotland	IsA	country
wine	ReceivesAction	bottle
explorer	Desires	adventure
food	AtLocation	refrigerator
archery	IsA	sport
highway	UsedFor	drive
buffet	UsedFor	breakfast
asteroid	IsA	space rock
bug	IsA	pest
music	CreatedBy	composer
nitrogen	AtLocation	air
handbag	UsedFor	woman
pink	IsA	colour
metal	AtLocation	knife
blue	HasPrerequisite	light
swallow	IsA	bird
game	ReceivesAction	play
gasoline	IsA	fuel
supper	IsA	meal
talk	HasPrerequisite	language
cat	IsA	carnivore
lie	HasPrerequisite	deceit
exercise	Causes	fitness
frog	CapableOf	leap
pencil	UsedFor	write
earth	NotHasProperty	round
computer	HasA	monitor
horse	AtLocation	western
count	HasPrerequisite	number
catfish	AtLocation	water
zeus	IsA	greek god
glue	IsA	adhesive
kill	HasPrerequisite	murder
kite	UsedFor	fly
red	SymbolOf	anger
pony	IsA	horse
queen	IsA	woman
ham	IsA	meat
pattern	PartOf	logic
spirit	UsedFor	haunt
string	PartOf	harpsichord
apple pie	IsA	dessert
night	SymbolOf	rest
machine	AtLocation	car
ignorance	IsA	bliss
read	HasSubevent	learn
tampon	AtLocation	bathroom
sister	IsA	sibling
iris	IsA	flower
goose	IsA	bird
steel	HasProperty	hard
world	MadeOf	country
grizzly	IsA	bear
restaurant	HasA	waiter
raisin	IsA	fruit
catfish	AtLocation	sea
stamp	UsedFor	postage
sand	AtLocation	concrete
water	MadeOf	h2o
ice cream	IsA	dessert
boy	IsA	male
august	IsA	month
voyage	UsedFor	travel
word	UsedFor	insult
belgium	PartOf	europe
priest	CapableOf	pray
postcard	AtLocation	post office
drink	IsA	often
coke	IsA	soda
champagne	HasProperty	bubbly
wrestle	HasSubevent	grapple
cartoon	IsA	illustration
pot	AtLocation	pan
cheetah	PartOf	animal
cheese	MadeOf	milk
puppy	IsA	animal
seat	PartOf	bicycle
couch	SymbolOf	nap
merchant	AtLocation	shop
oven	AtLocation	stove
apple	IsA	computer
lane	IsA	street
movie	UsedFor	entertainment
stapler	AtLocation	office
arsenic	IsA	element
mailbox	AtLocation	post office
flower	IsA	plant
cold	AtLocation	refrigerator
minister	IsA	clergyman
surgery	SymbolOf	hospital
doctor	AtLocation	clinic
lark	IsA	bird
solicitor	IsA	lawyer
nun	UsedFor	nunnery
candle	UsedFor	romance
crop	AtLocation	field
car	HasProperty	fast
captain	UsedFor	sail
wrench	AtLocation	toolbox
van	IsA	vehicle
dishwasher	AtLocation	kitchen
tool	UsedFor	use
bomb	UsedFor	explode
projector	AtLocation	movie
jar	IsA	container
run	HasPrerequisite	run
boot	HasProperty	black
eye	HasProperty	blue
road	IsA	surface
earth	PartOf	solar system
geometry	AtLocation	school
cat	Desires	nap
scene	AtLocation	play
nose	PartOf	head
mule	AtLocation	grand canyon
coconut	AtLocation	tree
convict	AtLocation	prison
ocean	AtLocation	beach
government	IsA	organization
injury	Causes	pain
brain	IsA	organ
eight	IsA	number
shade	PartOf	lamp
dog	InstanceOf	pet
pebble	AtLocation	river
poison	CapableOf	kill
legend	AtLocation	map
globe	IsA	map
auditorium	AtLocation	theater
software	CreatedBy	programmer
milk	AtLocation	fridge
kitty	HasProperty	tiny
fruit	HasProperty	juicy
pudding	MadeOf	sugar
aardvark	CapableOf	burrow
fruit	HasA	sugar
math	IsA	subject
beer	AtLocation	keg
monkey	Desires	banana
paperwork	AtLocation	office
wrist	PartOf	hand
money	HasA	value
knight	AtLocation	castle
flower	HasA	petal
church	UsedFor	praise
fence	HasPrerequisite	sword
floor	AtLocation	carpet
screen	AtLocation	laptop
corn	AtLocation	iowa
rider	AtLocation	car
play	UsedFor	child
city	AtLocation	county
ranch	UsedFor	cattle
typewriter	HasPrerequisite	ink
shampoo	AtLocation	hair
airplane	HasProperty	fly
mouth	UsedFor	talk
joint	PartOf	finger
fish	AtLocation	water
skeleton	AtLocation	closet
peanut butter	IsA	spread
comet	AtLocation	universe
astronaut	AtLocation	moon
cafeteria	AtLocation	school
spade	IsA	suit
kangaroo	AtLocation	australia
rake	IsA	garden tool
altar	AtLocation	temple
study	Causes	knowledge
egg	UsedFor	food
friction	Causes	heat
album	MadeOf	vinyl
water	AtLocation	soft drink
oboe	AtLocation	band
muscle	UsedFor	lift
gel	UsedFor	hair
sandpaper	HasProperty	abrasive
alcohol	HasProperty	prohibit
butter	HasProperty	yellow
movie	RelatedTo	popcorn
taxi	IsA	car
saxophone	AtLocation	band
buddhist	AtLocation	temple
die	Causes	death
white	SymbolOf	cloud
listen	UsedFor	learn
energy	AtLocation	coal
thunder	IsA	sound
elephant	HasA	trunk
slay	IsA	kill
hand	IsA	body part
peacock	IsA	bird
coffee	HasProperty	bitter
seoul	AtLocation	korea
mom	IsA	parent
ship	UsedFor	voyage
alcohol	AtLocation	beer
starvation	Causes	death
water	AtLocation	hot tub
pet	UsedFor	companionship
club	UsedFor	beat
fear	CausesDesire	run
exercise	IsA	activity
sweet	HasProperty	good
roll	IsA	pastry
church	UsedFor	worship
compete	HasSubevent	win
cat	AtLocation	roof
sink	AtLocation	kitchen
merchant	AtLocation	store
phone	CapableOf	ring
g	PartOf	alphabet
pet	IsA	animal
spirit	HasProperty	light
square	IsA	shape
happiness	Causes	laughter
sun	UsedFor	light
meteor	AtLocation	space
love	HasProperty	painful
rock	AtLocation	chair
lock	UsedFor	protect
earth	AtLocation	orbit
teapot	HasA	spout
pizza	IsA	fast food
saxophone	IsA	woodwind
pike	AtLocation	river
luggage	AtLocation	airplane
potato	IsA	vegetable
frame	PartOf	window
austin	PartOf	texas
thirst	CausesDesire	drink
plank	MadeOf	wood
horn	AtLocation	bull
cheque	UsedFor	pay
performer	AtLocation	stage
sleep	InheritsFrom	rest
mall	UsedFor	shop
robin hood	AtLocation	sherwood forest
dice	HasProperty	random
basement	IsA	house
louisiana	IsA	state
duck	AtLocation	pond
semen	HasProperty	creamy
gorilla	PartOf	animal
alto	AtLocation	choir
badger	IsA	mammal
embarrassment	CausesDesire	blush
butter	ReceivesAction	spread
farm	AtLocation	countryside
book	HasA	sentence
leather	UsedFor	tan
steak	AtLocation	grill
cat	CapableOf	nap
tea	HasProperty	hot
hole	AtLocation	donut
helmet	IsA	hat
window	PartOf	house
roll	IsA	bread
toenail	PartOf	toe
shelf	AtLocation	wall
yacht	IsA	ship
volcano	IsA	mountain
mystery	IsA	book
aardvark	IsA	mammal
violet	IsA	color
baritone	IsA	singer
flower	AtLocation	vase
bull	HasA	horn
light	IsA	particle
business	AtLocation	skyscraper
printer	UsedFor	print
cavity	AtLocation	tooth
wheel	PartOf	car
seatbelt	PartOf	seat
glass	AtLocation	cupboard
leave	PartOf	tree
belt	MadeOf	leather
area	IsA	place
medal	MadeOf	metal
something	AtLocation	vague
television	HasA	remote control
language	ReceivesAction	write
saloon	UsedFor	drink
suite	AtLocation	hotel
emo	IsA	music
mother	IsA	parent
kid	Desires	play
rest	HasSubevent	lie down
lion	IsA	feline
water	AtLocation	snow
handle	AtLocation	door
think	UsedFor	decide
broil	IsA	cook
cashier	AtLocation	supermarket
masturbation	Causes	ejaculation
starfish	AtLocation	ocean
apple	HasA	seed
christmas tree	SymbolOf	christmas
paper	AtLocation	shelf
forest	HasA	tree
love	CausesDesire	live
arch	PartOf	foot
life	UsedFor	live
roller coaster	AtLocation	carnival
apple	HasA	juice
pond	UsedFor	fish
beverage	UsedFor	drink
pillow	AtLocation	bedroom
towel	AtLocation	hotel
trash	AtLocation	trash can
logic	IsA	science
dolphin	IsA	mammal
kill	HasPrerequisite	weapon
book	HasA	page
harpsichord	IsA	musical instrument
cry	HasSubevent	sniff
airplane	CapableOf	land
beaver	AtLocation	dam
granite	MadeOf	rock
mozart	InheritsFrom	composer
monkey	IsA	animal
compete	UsedFor	win
plane	CapableOf	crash
dog	CapableOf	shed
toy	AtLocation	floor
candy	HasProperty	sweet
love	IsA	aphrodisiac
fire	ReceivesAction	extinguish
fireman	HasProperty	sexy
money	AtLocation	pocket
cargo	AtLocation	boat
food	AtLocation	oven
textile	IsA	cloth
baseball	UsedFor	hit
boxer	CapableOf	punch
bazaar	IsA	marketplace
letter	AtLocation	post office
ocean	UsedFor	fish
aisle	PartOf	store
card	UsedFor	birthday
dog	HasProperty	cute
trombone	AtLocation	orchestra
usa	IsA	country
night	HasProperty	scary
water	AtLocation	jug
apple	HasA	core
yard	UsedFor	play
banjo	IsA	musical instrument
cup	IsA	container
sport	UsedFor	exercise
america	HasA	flag
programmer	CapableOf	program
husband	IsA	male
leftover	AtLocation	refrigerator
guitar	AtLocation	concert
cotton	IsA	crop
garden	AtLocation	park
kitten	DefinedAs	young cat
god	IsA	spirit
remember	HasPrerequisite	memory
limousine	IsA	automobile
utopia	IsA	place
goldfish	IsA	pet
fireplace	UsedFor	warmth
flask	AtLocation	laboratory
bartender	AtLocation	bar
horseshoe	IsA	game
ink	AtLocation	squid
smoke	HasProperty	unhealthy
europe	IsA	continent
card	UsedFor	christmas
cabinet	IsA	container
lawyer	AtLocation	courtroom
star trek	IsA	science fiction
cat	AtLocation	vet
mineral	AtLocation	earth
radio	UsedFor	music
beer	AtLocation	can
chameleon	IsA	lizard
trumpet	IsA	instrument
toaster	IsA	machine
mortar	IsA	weapon
display	PartOf	computer
pig	AtLocation	poke
surprise	IsA	emotion
corn	HasProperty	yellow
tree	HasA	trunk
fish	AtLocation	underwater
stage	UsedFor	performance
sphere	HasProperty	round
beer	AtLocation	fridge
flute	UsedFor	music
mouse	AtLocation	field
balloon	AtLocation	air
tulip	HasProperty	pink
grapefruit	HasProperty	juicy
gate	IsA	entrance
pistol	IsA	handgun
parakeet	HasProperty	green
joy	IsA	emotion
job	InheritsFrom	work
work	HasPrerequisite	energy
relativity	IsA	theory
mushroom	AtLocation	forest
hydrogen	IsA	gas
beaver	AtLocation	water
cd	IsA	disc
lie	UsedFor	deception
toad	IsA	amphibian
boat	AtLocation	lake
dog	Desires	eat
kill	HasSubevent	death
jelly	IsA	spread
car	HasProperty	wax
flea	AtLocation	cat
queen	HasProperty	old
mallard	IsA	duck
three	IsA	number
gear	PartOf	machine
sky	AtLocation	planet
study	UsedFor	read
puppy	IsA	baby
ranch	HasA	horse
forgiveness	AtLocation	confession
bottle	MadeOf	plastic
circle	IsA	shape
pit	PartOf	olive
trash	AtLocation	dump
poem	NotCapableOf	write
animal	HasA	fur
sunset	HasProperty	red
oil	AtLocation	engine
israel	PartOf	middle east
amphibian	HasProperty	slimy
liquid	CapableOf	flow
banana	UsedFor	eat
heart	UsedFor	love
hand	PartOf	clock
cash register	AtLocation	shop
monkey	AtLocation	rainforest
sibling	AtLocation	family
sidewalk	MadeOf	concrete
mouse	RelatedTo	computer
circular	IsA	shape
food	AtLocation	shop
loft	UsedFor	sleep
instrument	AtLocation	orchestra
salt	AtLocation	shaker
satchel	AtLocation	school
staircase	AtLocation	house
oregon	PartOf	northwest
catfish	IsA	fish
water	CapableOf	flow
card	UsedFor	credit
coffin	IsA	box
closet	MadeOf	wood
sermon	AtLocation	church
window	MadeOf	glass
gold	HasProperty	expensive
expert	AtLocation	field
car	CapableOf	pollute
beet	IsA	vegetable
future	HasProperty	uncertain
spa	UsedFor	relax
church	UsedFor	preach
paint	IsA	latex
jacket	MadeOf	leather
climb	HasSubevent	fall
billboard	UsedFor	advertisement
shoe	AtLocation	box
ornament	AtLocation	christmas tree
nylon	IsA	material
first day of week	IsA	monday
king	NotDesires	regicide
dove	SymbolOf	peace
mathematics	AtLocation	school
universe	IsA	everything
rose	HasProperty	red
dog	HasA	fur
soda	IsA	fizzy
cold	Causes	shiver
orange	IsA	colour
nerd	IsA	candy
column	AtLocation	spreadsheet
flask	UsedFor	drink
lie	NotHasProperty	true
scale	AtLocation	fish
chinese	IsA	language
snow	IsA	weather
sofa	HasProperty	comfortable
rat	AtLocation	laboratory
compete	MotivatedByGoal	win
baby duck	IsA	duckling
paperback	IsA	book
sex	Causes	relaxation
sleep	Causes	dream
pound	IsA	currency
electricity	CreatedBy	generator
dagger	CapableOf	kill
literature	UsedFor	study
duvet	AtLocation	bedroom
brush	UsedFor	paint
work	HasSubevent	sweat
vinegar	UsedFor	clean
bay	HasA	water
cook	AtLocation	restaurant
chemical	HasProperty	toxic
satan	HasProperty	evil
tooth	AtLocation	mouth
logic	AtLocation	computer
lawn	AtLocation	suburb
cat	HasA	flea
snake	HasProperty	poisonous
knuckle	PartOf	finger
grass	HasProperty	green
pear	IsA	fruit
nightclub	HasProperty	loud
nose	UsedFor	breathe
judge	AtLocation	courtroom
chapter	PartOf	book
spam	AtLocation	internet
horn	PartOf	car
house	CapableOf	burn
milk	HasA	calcium
foot	UsedFor	run
pie	AtLocation	oven
pedestrian	AtLocation	street
guitar	UsedFor	music
needle	RelatedTo	thread
bride	IsA	woman
toronto	IsA	city
koala	AtLocation	zoo
weather	HasProperty	hot
wood	HasProperty	brown
guard	AtLocation	jail
fiddler	AtLocation	roof
tack	HasProperty	sharp
car	HasA	seat belt
trombone	IsA	musical instrument
page	PartOf	book
rooster	CapableOf	crow
tub	UsedFor	soak
cardboard	ReceivesAction	recycle
pot	IsA	vessel
song	AtLocation	cd
cloud	AtLocation	air
toddler	IsA	small child
feces	AtLocation	sewer
telephone	UsedFor	communicate
marijuana	ReceivesAction	smoke
hump	PartOf	camel
pretend	HasSubevent	act
blackbird	IsA	bird
magazine	AtLocation	newsstand
mouth	UsedFor	eat
anatomy	IsA	science
record	UsedFor	listen
prune	IsA	plum
leopard	IsA	cat
university	UsedFor	learn
grass	NotHasProperty	green
boner	HasProperty	erection
queen	IsA	ruler
rope	AtLocation	boat
finger	UsedFor	point
wing	AtLocation	airplane
scientist	AtLocation	laboratory
purple	IsA	colour
rat	IsA	rodent
elbow	IsA	joint
fingernail	ReceivesAction	paint
remember	HasSubevent	forget
aisle	UsedFor	walk
bread	AtLocation	oven
brazil	IsA	country
blade	UsedFor	cut
sky	UsedFor	rain
comforter	IsA	blanket
wasp	CapableOf	sting
lightning	MadeOf	electricity
mouse	DefinedAs	pet
volcano	HasA	crater
winter	RelatedTo	snow
mouse	IsA	animal
baby	HasProperty	small
eggplant	IsA	vegetable
shark	IsA	animal
sentence	IsA	punishment
grow	PartOf	live
water	AtLocation	gallon
mustard	AtLocation	hot dog
volcano	HasProperty	hot
passage	AtLocation	bible
perch	IsA	fish
knife	UsedFor	butter
blanket	RelatedTo	pillow
understand	HasPrerequisite	think
baby	NotCapableOf	talk
horn	AtLocation	car
index	UsedFor	reference
book	HasA	author
gentleman	AtLocation	suit
baby	HasProperty	fragile
pencil	AtLocation	desktop
hotel	HasProperty	expensive
remote control	PartOf	television
sardine	IsA	fish
food	AtLocation	cupboard
dragonfly	IsA	insect
planet	IsA	satellite
jug	IsA	container
motorcycle	UsedFor	ride
sun	AtLocation	solar system
satellite	AtLocation	space
copper	IsA	element
bread	UsedFor	butter
wing	PartOf	airplane
water	IsA	drink
slipper	IsA	shoe
arthritis	IsA	disease
student	AtLocation	university
kite	UsedFor	fun
property	ReceivesAction	own
pillow	MadeOf	feather
kite	IsA	toy
secret	ReceivesAction	reveal
text	UsedFor	study
religion	IsA	faith
water	AtLocation	tsunami
buddha	HasProperty	enlighten
bag	AtLocation	grocery store
handshake	Causes	deal
green	IsA	color
needle	AtLocation	doctor
brother	IsA	sibling
wait	HasSubevent	read
lens	PartOf	eyeglass
granite	HasProperty	colorful
towel	UsedFor	clean
red	IsA	colour
recliner	IsA	chair
chef	CapableOf	cook
verb	PartOf	sentence
snow	HasProperty	white
shelf	AtLocation	cupboard
gravity	IsA	force
nature	HasProperty	good
disgust	IsA	emotion
water	IsA	cleanse
anion	IsA	ion
father	PartOf	family
one	HasProperty	two
conservative	HasProperty	right-wing
city	PartOf	province
fish	AtLocation	fish tank
gopher	IsA	rodent
windmill	SymbolOf	holland
steal	HasProperty	bad
motel	UsedFor	sleep
koala	AtLocation	tree
iron	IsA	metal
clean	Causes	neatness
jewelry	HasProperty	gaudy
contemplate	HasPrerequisite	think
gorilla	IsA	ape
pussy	IsA	vagina
nucleus	PartOf	cell
rabbit	HasProperty	fast
cold	IsA	sickness
pen	AtLocation	paper
city	PartOf	country
north korea	PartOf	korea
murder	Causes	death
water	HasProperty	reflective
black	IsA	color
stage	AtLocation	auditorium
autumn	IsA	season
class	UsedFor	learn
book	UsedFor	teach
politician	IsA	thief
cake	UsedFor	dessert
jam	IsA	spread
bus	AtLocation	school
vinyl	IsA	plastic
grill	UsedFor	barbecue
disk	AtLocation	computer
cat	ReceivesAction	stroke
toilet	UsedFor	shit
vertebrate	IsA	animal
advertise	PartOf	promotion
pencil	IsA	stationary
food	AtLocation	hotel
tire	AtLocation	car
token	AtLocation	arcade
tongue	IsA	muscle
kill	HasPrerequisite	death
drunk	CapableOf	drink
ball	IsA	toy
sleep	HasSubevent	die
needle	UsedFor	sew
sentence	PartOf	speech
earth	IsA	globe
fire	CapableOf	burn
rest	UsedFor	dream
weapon	UsedFor	kill
sleep	UsedFor	recover
horn	UsedFor	jazz
sword	HasProperty	long
mercury	HasProperty	poisonous
music	CausesDesire	dance
fruit	HasProperty	delicious
vault	AtLocation	bank
king	IsA	monarch
minute	PartOf	hour
news	ReceivesAction	broadcast
dictator	Desires	power
baby	CausesDesire	tickle
seat belt	AtLocation	plane
money	UsedFor	corrupt
harp	IsA	instrument
space	HasProperty	empty
home	UsedFor	live
star	IsA	sun
car	AtLocation	freeway
cougar	IsA	big cat
game	HasA	outcome
banana	ReceivesAction	eat
saucer	IsA	dish
car	CapableOf	slow down
dice	UsedFor	game
ball	AtLocation	sack
python	IsA	snake
activist	AtLocation	demonstration
engine	PartOf	lawnmower
ink	HasProperty	black
washington	IsA	state
teacher	CapableOf	demonstrate
garage	AtLocation	house
outer space	HasProperty	cold
noun	PartOf	sentence
bicycle	HasA	chain
lava	AtLocation	volcano
explosive	UsedFor	bomb
show	UsedFor	entertainment
aerobics	IsA	exercise
socrates	IsA	philosopher
lock	PartOf	canal
title	PartOf	book
mouth	UsedFor	speak
dandelion	IsA	flower
apple juice	IsA	juice
donut	AtLocation	bakery
galaxy	AtLocation	space
oil	UsedFor	car
slinky	HasPrerequisite	spring
prisoner	AtLocation	cell
chocolate	IsA	food
city	ReceivesAction	crowd
janitor	IsA	job
tobacco	PartOf	cigarette
cream	IsA	band
horseshoe	HasProperty	heavy
f	PartOf	alphabet
air	IsA	gas
stepladder	IsA	ladder
rain	HasProperty	wet
dance	UsedFor	fun
date	HasProperty	fun
lamp	HasProperty	bright
fizz	AtLocation	soda
kiss	HasPrerequisite	flirt
pebble	UsedFor	throw
hammer	AtLocation	workshop
water	AtLocation	swamp
fountain	AtLocation	rome
kite	CapableOf	fly
rest	HasPrerequisite	relax
mist	AtLocation	waterfall
mouse	AtLocation	desktop
run	HasSubevent	exhaustion
fish	IsA	seafood
material	AtLocation	construction
clarinet	IsA	instrument
snore	HasPrerequisite	sleep
couch	NotIsA	bed
land	UsedFor	farm
lion	IsA	carnivore
porch	PartOf	house
sword	CapableOf	thrust
closet	HasProperty	dark
masturbate	MotivatedByGoal	orgasm
juniper	IsA	plant
ant	IsA	insect
bell	HasProperty	loud
saxophone	UsedFor	blow
lemon	HasProperty	sour
knife	HasProperty	sharp
bathroom	UsedFor	wash
pillow	PartOf	bed
steel	HasA	iron
clown	AtLocation	carnival
vaseline	IsA	lubricant
pistol	IsA	firearm
fortune teller	AtLocation	fair
jazz	AtLocation	new orleans
food	AtLocation	kitchen
baby	CapableOf	nurse
menu	AtLocation	restaurant
body	AtLocation	coffin
blackboard	AtLocation	school
child	DesireOf	play
steel	IsA	metal
baby	AtLocation	daycare
teacher	CapableOf	educate
sail	PartOf	sailboat
sword	HasProperty	pointy
sex	AtLocation	bed
oil	UsedFor	lubricate
purse	AtLocation	pocket
gold	HasProperty	yellow
elbow	PartOf	arm
glucose	IsA	sugar
tile	AtLocation	wall
white	SymbolOf	innocence
vase	IsA	container
street	AtLocation	city
dog	AtLocation	leash
neuron	PartOf	brain
prince	AtLocation	castle
convict	AtLocation	jail
listen	MotivatedByGoal	learn
sandpaper	HasProperty	rough
learn	InheritsFrom	knowledge
cell phone	IsA	telephone
reception	AtLocation	hall
pear	HasProperty	sweet
school	UsedFor	learn
window	CapableOf	break
monitor	AtLocation	desktop
eye	UsedFor	blink
religion	IsA	ideology
pot of gold	AtLocation	rainbow
skunk	IsA	mammal
box	UsedFor	storage
bagel	IsA	food
darkness	Causes	fear
thc	AtLocation	cannabis
pot	HasA	flower
star	CapableOf	supernova
chair	HasProperty	comfortable
window	ReceivesAction	close
chat	IsA	talk
artist	CapableOf	create
submarine	CapableOf	dive
mansion	IsA	house
water	AtLocation	cool
mexico	PartOf	north america
love	Causes	happy
castle	AtLocation	fairy tale
worm	IsA	insect
paper	MadeOf	wood
plate	IsA	dish
mall	HasProperty	crowd
december	IsA	month
walnut	IsA	nut
grandma	PartOf	family
success	AtLocation	business
dish	AtLocation	cupboard
english	IsA	language
stress	Causes	headache
runner	CapableOf	run
car	InheritsFrom	motorcycle
beggar	CapableOf	beg
quote	AtLocation	story
paper clip	AtLocation	desk
kill	MotivatedByGoal	revenge
grapefruit	HasProperty	yellow
breathe	HasSubevent	sigh
ice	IsA	water
roar	IsA	sound
singer	CapableOf	sing
string	UsedFor	tie
hat	UsedFor	wear
heron	IsA	bird
moon	MadeOf	rock
tire	IsA	wheel
weapon	UsedFor	destruction
alcohol	HasProperty	fun
dodo	HasProperty	extinct
laugh	HasProperty	fun
person	NotDesires	irritation
puzzle	UsedFor	solve
chocolate	HasProperty	bitter
butter	AtLocation	toast
god	Causes	miracle
doll	IsA	toy
fear	Causes	hate
razor	UsedFor	cut
learn	AtLocation	school
moth	AtLocation	closet
carrot	IsA	vegetable
light	IsA	energy
hi	IsA	greet
card	UsedFor	game
truck	AtLocation	road
magazine	IsA	book
boulevard	AtLocation	city
stapler	AtLocation	desk
roller coaster	HasProperty	fast
visa	IsA	credit card
ear	UsedFor	hear
den	AtLocation	cave
flower	HasProperty	colorful
shoe	UsedFor	wear
tub	UsedFor	bath
sword	HasProperty	sharp
book	IsA	text
nut	IsA	seed
alien	AtLocation	ufo
roommate	AtLocation	apartment
rubber	HasProperty	elastic
faucet	AtLocation	bathroom
information	AtLocation	internet
six	IsA	number
dance	HasSubevent	move
stone	HasProperty	smooth
england	PartOf	great britain
queen	IsA	royalty
yellow	IsA	colour
alcohol	AtLocation	wine
music	AtLocation	radio
cartoon	HasProperty	funny
chemical	AtLocation	laboratory
beach	HasA	sand
flirt	HasSubevent	wink
cubicle	AtLocation	office
stud	IsA	horse
read	UsedFor	learn
listen	HasSubevent	understand
blade	PartOf	sword
matter	AtLocation	universe
write	HasPrerequisite	pencil
water	AtLocation	spit
cigarette	UsedFor	smoke
skirt	IsA	dress
vinegar	HasProperty	sour
box	IsA	container
hamburger	MadeOf	meat
water	AtLocation	bottle
chipmunk	Desires	nut
highway	UsedFor	truck
blanket	UsedFor	warmth
telephone	UsedFor	communication
travel	Causes	arrival
paper	MadeOf	tree
mayor	AtLocation	city hall
sleep	Causes	rest
brain	AtLocation	head
footstool	IsA	seat
sock	MadeOf	cotton
jet	CapableOf	fly
cashew	IsA	nut
spoon	AtLocation	kitchen
sit	HasProperty	relax
paperwork	AtLocation	desk
skeleton	AtLocation	museum
wave	AtLocation	ocean
petroleum	IsA	energy
coca cola	IsA	drink
fruit	AtLocation	tree
wheat	AtLocation	field
shell	HasProperty	hard
aisle	AtLocation	store
blender	AtLocation	kitchen
samurai	IsA	fighter
fireplace	HasA	fire
bag	MadeOf	leather
euro	IsA	currency
mayonnaise	AtLocation	jar
sword	CapableOf	cut
tenor	AtLocation	choir
hear	HasPrerequisite	listen
derby	IsA	hat
soldier	AtLocation	platoon
lie	NotIsA	truth
flag	CapableOf	wave
land	PartOf	earth
water	AtLocation	downpour
action	HasPrerequisite	motion
smart	HasProperty	good
grass	AtLocation	stadium
book	AtLocation	classroom
royalty	HasProperty	rich
professor	AtLocation	laboratory
cockroach	IsA	insect
present	AtLocation	box
bassoon	IsA	instrument
stone	HasProperty	hard
steak	HasProperty	eat
friend	HasProperty	fun
cookie	IsA	food
water	AtLocation	well
ride	AtLocation	carnival
world	HasProperty	small
wheat	UsedFor	flour
bar	AtLocation	jail
father	IsA	parent
saxophone	IsA	instrument
boob	PartOf	girl
violence	HasProperty	bad
wheel	UsedFor	turn
classroom	UsedFor	learn
pit	AtLocation	mine
knit	HasPrerequisite	yarn
aunt	PartOf	family
picture	AtLocation	desktop
bin	IsA	container
pedophile	AtLocation	clergy
heart	IsA	organ
strawberry	IsA	fruit
child	HasProperty	helpless
ham	IsA	food
hole	AtLocation	wall
read	UsedFor	education
planet	AtLocation	orbit
divider	AtLocation	notebook
soccer	IsA	game
racquetball	IsA	sport
feather	UsedFor	dust
medicine	AtLocation	cabinet
love	CausesDesire	kiss
camp	HasProperty	fun
multiplication	IsA	arithmetic
dog	CapableOf	vomit
vampire	HasProperty	undead
water	AtLocation	ice
alien	AtLocation	outer space
cheese	HasProperty	delicious
love	HasProperty	sweet
hair	HasProperty	blond
rabbit	IsA	pet
parade	HasA	float
viola	IsA	instrument
grey	IsA	color
ohm	IsA	measurement
mammal	IsA	animal
textbook	UsedFor	student
belgium	IsA	country
fire	HasProperty	hot
tank	HasProperty	heavy
gazelle	AtLocation	savannah
bullet	UsedFor	shoot
ottoman	UsedFor	sit
press	RelatedTo	news
planet	AtLocation	universe
automobile	UsedFor	travel
catfish	CapableOf	swim
pickle	AtLocation	jar
plastic	IsA	material
ostrich	CapableOf	run
snowman	MadeOf	snow
line	AtLocation	graph
dust	AtLocation	desert
wind instrument	MadeOf	wood
stop	IsA	end
war	HasA	violence
musician	AtLocation	band
tractor	AtLocation	farm
monday	IsA	weekday
feel	HasProperty	fuzzy
death	Causes	burial
person	HasA	name
awake	HasPrerequisite	sleep
elephant	AtLocation	india
soda	AtLocation	can
fraud	HasProperty	bad
windmill	AtLocation	holland
tulip	HasProperty	pretty
maple	IsA	tree
table	AtLocation	spoon
tree	HasA	branch
closet	AtLocation	bedroom
yam	IsA	vegetable
hummingbird	IsA	bird
cow	AtLocation	barn
plastic	ReceivesAction	recycle
leader	AtLocation	pack
robot	IsA	machine
ski	HasProperty	fun
cat	NotIsA	dog
sea	HasProperty	blue
glass	HasProperty	transparent
bolt	PartOf	door
house	MadeOf	brick
horse	AtLocation	field
sword	IsA	weapon
loyalty	IsA	virtue
refugee	AtLocation	asylum
food	UsedFor	eat
starfish	AtLocation	sea
house	AtLocation	suburb
sink	UsedFor	wash
kill	Causes	death
lake	UsedFor	fish
holland	IsA	country
bedroom	UsedFor	sleep
miner	AtLocation	underground
sand	HasProperty	grainy
shopper	AtLocation	store
porch	UsedFor	relax
north	IsA	direction
rhinoceros	AtLocation	africa
dart	ReceivesAction	throw
drumstick	PartOf	turkey
read	Causes	understand
alligator	IsA	reptile
money	ReceivesAction	transfer
seam	PartOf	dress
tank	IsA	weapon
river	AtLocation	bridge
photocopier	AtLocation	office
blue	AtLocation	sky
fall	HasSubevent	bruise
country	HasA	population
lincoln	PartOf	nebraska
movie	AtLocation	show
god	HasProperty	powerful
basket	ReceivesAction	weave
act	PartOf	play
product	IsA	result
city	AtLocation	state
bourbon	IsA	whiskey
gas	CapableOf	expand
giraffe	AtLocation	zoo
gravity	AtLocation	black hole
apple	AtLocation	orchard
musical instrument	AtLocation	band
ant	AtLocation	anthill
mercury	IsA	liquid
study	HasPrerequisite	concentrate
baby	AtLocation	cradle
data	IsA	android
breathe	HasFirstSubevent	inhale
sewer	HasProperty	smelly
eat	HasSubevent	chew
law	IsA	rule
lipstick	IsA	cosmetic
vote	Causes	election
comb	AtLocation	pocket
neil armstrong	IsA	astronaut
marsupial	IsA	animal
lane	UsedFor	drive
iron	IsA	mineral
walk	HasSubevent	stumble
breathe	HasPrerequisite	exhale
battery	UsedFor	power
tractor	AtLocation	field
man	CapableOf	masturbate
rain	IsA	water
ocean	UsedFor	dive
canvas	UsedFor	art
barrier	AtLocation	roadblock
road	UsedFor	travel
communism	IsA	government
window	AtLocation	house
tortoise	NotIsA	turtle
prop	AtLocation	stage
ruby	IsA	stone
eraser	MadeOf	rubber
cavity	AtLocation	dentist
bread	MadeOf	flour
computer	RelatedTo	monitor
phoenix	PartOf	arizona
hoist	UsedFor	lift
water	AtLocation	drench
fast	Causes	hunger
paint	UsedFor	art
bomb	IsA	weapon
hair	IsA	strand
tetrahedron	IsA	pyramid
cloth	MadeOf	fiber
gate	AtLocation	fence
toast	AtLocation	toaster
music	HasA	mood
cook	UsedFor	chef
wasp	AtLocation	nest
city	HasProperty	big
city	PartOf	state
pluto	IsA	planet
clarinet	IsA	wind instrument
bench	AtLocation	bus stop
alcohol	CausesDesire	socialize
chair	AtLocation	table
java	PartOf	indonesia
plant	HasA	flower
king	RelatedTo	queen
arena	IsA	area
garbage	AtLocation	dump
cod	IsA	fish
water	AtLocation	dunk
pork	IsA	meat
match	Causes	fire
head	AtLocation	shoulder
map	AtLocation	atlas
tiger	IsA	animal
see	IsA	sense
finger	PartOf	hand
mango	IsA	fruit
singapore	AtLocation	asia
judo	IsA	sport
computer	HasA	keyboard
music	IsA	art
butterfly	CapableOf	fly
labyrinth	IsA	maze
saxophone	UsedFor	music
trombone	AtLocation	band
meditation	HasProperty	relax
wrist	IsA	joint
key	UsedFor	unlock
outfit	MadeOf	clothe
verb	IsA	part of speech
pilot	Desires	fly
universe	HasProperty	wide
bilbo	IsA	hobbit
chemical	AtLocation	lab
marker	IsA	pen
crab	IsA	crustacean
egg	UsedFor	eat
world	NotHasProperty	flat
cogitate	HasFirstSubevent	think
trophy	HasProperty	shiny
tooth	UsedFor	eat
horse	Desires	play
bronze	IsA	metal
plate	AtLocation	restaurant
wave	PartOf	sound
coral	AtLocation	underwater
food	AtLocation	farm
dolphin	AtLocation	ocean
daffodil	IsA	flower
compete	HasPrerequisite	competition
ball	AtLocation	park
prayer	AtLocation	church
reptile	IsA	animal
pebble	AtLocation	lake
dalmatian	IsA	dog
sock	AtLocation	foot
weapon	UsedFor	protection
musician	AtLocation	orchestra
tortoise	HasProperty	slow
horse	HasA	mane
tissue	AtLocation	toilet
earth	AtLocation	solar system
music	UsedFor	listen
gay	Desires	man
flower	HasProperty	green
tank	MadeOf	metal
god	AtLocation	heaven
tire	HasProperty	black
whale	HasProperty	large
slide	AtLocation	park
fruit	HasProperty	sweet
ball	UsedFor	play
dessert	HasProperty	dry
salt	AtLocation	table
ball	CapableOf	roll
ocean	HasA	fish
map	NotIsA	territory
priest	CapableOf	bless
soldier	AtLocation	army
bark	PartOf	tree
water	AtLocation	pipe
ski	HasSubevent	fall
pane	PartOf	window
lettuce	PartOf	salad
cookie	AtLocation	jar
pencil	IsA	eyeliner
shark	AtLocation	movie
tennis	IsA	game
junk	AtLocation	drawer
penguin	AtLocation	antarctica
flirt	Causes	sex
south pole	SymbolOf	penguin
java	AtLocation	computer
spanish	IsA	language
kitten	DefinedAs	baby cat
call	UsedFor	contact
kiss	HasSubevent	tongue
r	PartOf	alphabet
bread	AtLocation	cupboard
india	IsA	country
organ	IsA	musical instrument
mouth	CapableOf	breath
mountain	AtLocation	colorado
literature	AtLocation	library
fork	IsA	utensil
eel	AtLocation	water
apple	HasProperty	tart
badminton	IsA	game
cinema	UsedFor	entertainment
bristle	HasProperty	stiff
stone	HasProperty	solid
oil	UsedFor	energy
pot	UsedFor	cook
baby	AtLocation	crib
moose	IsA	mammal
nurse	AtLocation	hospital
conductor	AtLocation	orchestra
joy	CausesDesire	sing
place	AtLocation	town
bed	UsedFor	rest
bed	UsedFor	sex
nose	UsedFor	smell
soap	AtLocation	bathroom
hike	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
staple	AtLocation	office
black hole	AtLocation	universe
brad pitt	IsA	actor
religion	AtLocation	cathedral
bank	AtLocation	vault
temple	UsedFor	god
teenager	AtLocation	high school
sun	UsedFor	energy
grocery	AtLocation	supermarket
statue	MadeOf	stone
you	PartOf	we
work	HasSubevent	think
dress	IsA	put on
coat	IsA	garment
frog	CapableOf	jump
temple	UsedFor	religion
clock	UsedFor	keep time
girl	CapableOf	gossip
home	AtLocation	city
reflection	AtLocation	mirror
lip	IsA	kiss
table	AtLocation	corner
lettuce	IsA	plant
sing	HasPrerequisite	voice
bed	UsedFor	lay down
transmission	AtLocation	car
fruit	AtLocation	garden
teller	AtLocation	bank
ladder	IsA	tool
monitor	IsA	tv
door	IsA	wood
house	UsedFor	shelter
knife	UsedFor	cut
lid	PartOf	jar
shrimp	IsA	seafood
antler	AtLocation	elk
liquid	IsA	substance
astronaut	AtLocation	outer space
computer	PartOf	network
theory	ReceivesAction	prove
person	InheritsFrom	child
kitten	IsA	animal
food	AtLocation	store
sheet	AtLocation	bedroom
fridge	AtLocation	kitchen
ennui	IsA	boredom
sapphire	HasProperty	blue
captain	AtLocation	ship
nose	PartOf	face
advertisement	AtLocation	magazine
ball	AtLocation	sport
meditate	HasFirstSubevent	relax
blue	IsA	color
university	IsA	school
foil	IsA	sword
nutmeg	IsA	spice
pit	AtLocation	cherry
notebook	IsA	book
hotel	UsedFor	lodge
meat	AtLocation	stew
love	PartOf	live
orange	IsA	citrus
fruit	IsA	food
shoe	HasA	lace
garbage	IsA	waste
cook	HasPrerequisite	prepare
cowboy	AtLocation	horse
earth	PartOf	universe
flirt	HasSubevent	blush
stalagmite	AtLocation	cavern
rodent	IsA	animal
door	AtLocation	office
relax	HasFirstSubevent	slow down
flour	AtLocation	pantry
venison	IsA	meat
wife	UsedFor	companionship
milk	ReceivesAction	spill
dress	IsA	clothe
lizard	IsA	reptile
machine	HasProperty	mechanical
husband	IsA	family
mouse	HasProperty	small
dice	IsA	cube
leather	UsedFor	belt
snore	Causes	noise
bathroom	AtLocation	toothpaste
auditorium	UsedFor	lecture
trash	UsedFor	take out
woman	HasProperty	female
mortgage	MotivatedByGoal	house
brother	IsA	male
house	AtLocation	street
q	PartOf	alphabet
bread	CreatedBy	flour
procreate	Causes	life
paisley	IsA	pattern
passageway	NotIsA	hall
heater	HasProperty	hot
room	HasA	door
president	ReceivesAction	elect
computer	ReceivesAction	program
shark	AtLocation	tank
prison	UsedFor	punishment
faith	IsA	trust
sword	UsedFor	fence
pepper	IsA	condiment
zombie	AtLocation	movie
read	MotivatedByGoal	learn
einstein	InstanceOf	genius
baseball	IsA	sport
summer	HasProperty	hot
cabinet	HasA	door
ladybug	DefinedAs	bug
paper	ReceivesAction	fold
pine	IsA	tree
planet	AtLocation	solar system
mole	IsA	animal
listen	HasLastSubevent	understand
now	CapableOf	this
fry	IsA	cook
tree	HasA	sap
bishop	AtLocation	cathedral
frog	AtLocation	pond
food	InheritsFrom	steak
book	UsedFor	education
clock	CapableOf	tick
water	AtLocation	kettle
plot	AtLocation	story
glass	HasA	water
army	AtLocation	war
cabinet	AtLocation	kitchen
woofer	AtLocation	speaker
communicate	HasSubevent	listen
cow	HasProperty	black and white
hate	Causes	war
holiday	UsedFor	fun
boulevard	IsA	street
voice	UsedFor	communicate
compete	HasSubevent	lose
track	UsedFor	run
pad	UsedFor	mouse
live	HasProperty	fun
jesus	DefinedAs	son of god
ticket	IsA	receipt
disease	HasProperty	sickness
los angeles	PartOf	california
room	AtLocation	home
land	AtLocation	countryside
car	HasProperty	dangerous
politician	Desires	power
unhappiness	HasProperty	bad
teacher	AtLocation	classroom
watch	UsedFor	time
ship	UsedFor	sail
proton	PartOf	nucleus
fluff	AtLocation	bellybutton
hamburger	IsA	meat
life	IsA	circle
boat	AtLocation	dock
desk	IsA	table
phone	UsedFor	communication
bag	AtLocation	trash
appearance	HasProperty	deceptive
deck	AtLocation	boat
steroid	IsA	hormone
warehouse	UsedFor	storage
music	MadeOf	note
pray	HasPrerequisite	faith
toy	AtLocation	box
kitten	HasProperty	cuddly
film	AtLocation	movie
food	AtLocation	fridge
isle	AtLocation	sea
drink	AtLocation	restaurant
duck	IsA	bird
steakhouse	UsedFor	dinner
norway	PartOf	scandinavia
wood	IsA	material
ponytail	IsA	hairstyle
country	IsA	state
puzzle	IsA	problem
fruit	HasProperty	nutritious
toilet paper	UsedFor	wipe
child	InheritsFrom	person
listen	HasPrerequisite	ear
mess	AtLocation	desk
trombone	IsA	wind instrument
run	MotivatedByGoal	go fast
bedroom	UsedFor	privacy
bicycle	HasA	spoke
house	HasA	window
general	AtLocation	war
hippo	IsA	animal
coffee	AtLocation	starbucks
tree	HasProperty	green
urinate	HasPrerequisite	liquid
calculator	UsedFor	add
clog	AtLocation	drain
act	CausesDesire	pretend
bread	AtLocation	toaster
ivy	IsA	vine
jam	MadeOf	fruit
rag	UsedFor	wipe
melon	IsA	fruit
tobacco	IsA	plant
time	IsA	magazine
gas	UsedFor	fuel
butter	IsA	food
tree	PartOf	forest
balloon	UsedFor	decoration
bean	AtLocation	soup
sheep	IsA	animal
kingdom	HasA	king
moth	IsA	bug
diamond	HasProperty	expensive
ball	AtLocation	gym
space shuttle	AtLocation	space
air	HasProperty	invisible
sock	AtLocation	shoe
rainy	IsA	weather
vietnam	IsA	country
mayor	AtLocation	city
masturbation	Causes	orgasm
water	UsedFor	bathe
ridicule	HasProperty	bad
eatery	IsA	restaurant
lobster	PartOf	animal
rug	UsedFor	decoration
paint	HasProperty	colour
runway	UsedFor	travel
story	IsA	narrative
challenge	AtLocation	work
snail	HasA	shell
igloo	IsA	house
paper clip	MadeOf	metal
fruit	AtLocation	market
ranch	AtLocation	countryside
escalator	AtLocation	store
coke	InstanceOf	soft drink
life	AtLocation	water
asteroid	AtLocation	outer space
aqua	IsA	color
monkey	AtLocation	circus
exercise	Causes	sweat
sushi	HasProperty	japanese
story	HasProperty	fictional
outdoors	HasProperty	beautiful
love	IsA	compassion
beaver	AtLocation	wood
read	Causes	learn
candle	HasA	wick
surgeon	PartOf	doctor
plane	AtLocation	air
pew	UsedFor	pray
dove	IsA	bird
balloon	MadeOf	rubber
flag	IsA	symbol
clarinet	AtLocation	orchestra
lawn	IsA	grass
computer	UsedFor	communication
screw	IsA	tool
rain	HasProperty	water
book	AtLocation	backpack
detergent	UsedFor	laundry
cigarette	HasProperty	unhealthy
cocaine	HasProperty	illegal
cloud	UsedFor	rain
snow	AtLocation	alaska
toilet	PartOf	bathroom
person	HasProperty	unique
crime	HasProperty	dangerous
refrigerator	AtLocation	kitchen
earth	HasProperty	flat
paint	AtLocation	shelf
cook	HasLastSubevent	eat
castle	AtLocation	europe
moonshine	AtLocation	jar
water	AtLocation	saliva
girl	IsA	child
remember	HasPrerequisite	brain
lip	UsedFor	lick
pray	HasSubevent	kneel
tile	AtLocation	roof
token	IsA	symbol
clipper	UsedFor	cut
play	UsedFor	fun
baseball	UsedFor	catch
puppy	HasProperty	fuzzy
walker	CapableOf	walk
motor	PartOf	car
kitten	AtLocation	kitchen
shore	AtLocation	beach
table	MadeOf	wood
vacuum	AtLocation	space
person	IsA	human
owl	IsA	bird
truck	IsA	vehicle
snowboard	IsA	sport
magic	IsA	illusion
purse	AtLocation	handbag
corn	IsA	food
cartoon	AtLocation	television
rest	UsedFor	relax
egg	HasProperty	round
kill	UsedFor	murder
google	IsA	search engine
mississippi	IsA	state
cow	AtLocation	meadow
horse	UsedFor	race
talk	UsedFor	gossip
kidnap	HasProperty	bad
iguana	PartOf	animal
boil	IsA	cook
fear	IsA	emotion
eat	HasLastSubevent	swallow
energy	MadeOf	electron
water	IsA	molecule
hunger	Causes	starvation
needle	UsedFor	injection
shadow	CreatedBy	light
kitten	HasProperty	tiny
man	DesireOf	woman
sunflower	HasProperty	yellow
comedy	NotHasProperty	funny
cosmos	IsA	flower
something	AtLocation	somewhere
marker	UsedFor	color
brick	HasProperty	hard
wine	HasA	alcohol
fabric	MadeOf	fiber
peppermint	IsA	plant
liberty	HasPrerequisite	freedom
this	IsA	something
knife	AtLocation	fork
potato	AtLocation	soil
pulpit	UsedFor	preach
faith	CausesDesire	pray
pony	IsA	small horse
woodpecker	IsA	bird
clothe	UsedFor	wear
aspirin	IsA	medicine
aisle	AtLocation	plane
head	UsedFor	hat
lychee	IsA	fruit
communicate	HasPrerequisite	listen
orchestra	AtLocation	theater
paris	IsA	city
fall	IsA	season
bully	AtLocation	school
poem	IsA	story
airplane	UsedFor	travel
octopus	AtLocation	ocean
water	NotCapableOf	melt
card	AtLocation	deck
rice	IsA	starch
golf ball	HasA	dimple
water	AtLocation	river
elephant	AtLocation	africa
bed	IsA	furniture
gentleman	AtLocation	tuxedo
submarine	InheritsFrom	fish
flea	AtLocation	dog
motorway	AtLocation	england
break	HasSubevent	rest
boot	MadeOf	leather
breast	AtLocation	woman
squash	IsA	fruit
mail	IsA	communication
chocolate	MadeOf	sugar
mobile phone	UsedFor	communication
story	HasA	sentence
apple juice	IsA	beverage
twist	IsA	dance
sin	AtLocation	confession
hay	UsedFor	horse
printer	Desires	paper
salt	HasProperty	salty
gambler	NotDesires	lose
grenade	IsA	bomb
blind	NotCapableOf	see
cushion	AtLocation	sofa
shotgun	IsA	gun
key	AtLocation	keyboard
drunk	AtLocation	bar
flute	AtLocation	band
torpedo	AtLocation	submarine
outer space	IsA	vacuum
arsenic	HasProperty	poisonous
murder	HasProperty	wrong
moon	IsA	satellite
ball	ReceivesAction	kick
squirrel	AtLocation	forest
animal	AtLocation	zoo
trout	IsA	fish
fly	IsA	insect
airport	UsedFor	airplane
work	UsedFor	produce
guitar	MadeOf	string
politician	NotDesires	scandal
grandfather	IsA	male
baby	CapableOf	cry
boat	AtLocation	ocean
read	HasSubevent	think
tomato	IsA	fruit
checkbook	HasA	check
smoke	Causes	pollution
gun	UsedFor	shoot
outer space	AtLocation	orbit
sun	Desires	shine
petrol	IsA	gasoline
hockey	IsA	sport
yo-yo	UsedFor	game
calculator	UsedFor	calculate
car	IsA	automobile
hatchet	IsA	ax
procreate	HasPrerequisite	mate
gel	HasProperty	sticky
snow	AtLocation	north
nightingale	IsA	bird
merchant	AtLocation	market
bone	AtLocation	fish
balloon	HasProperty	colorful
corn	IsA	vegetable
metal	HasProperty	hard
bar	UsedFor	drink
fish	Desires	food
travel	UsedFor	explore
accordion	IsA	instrument
fruit	ReceivesAction	eat
tweed	AtLocation	scotland
arousal	Causes	ejaculation
parent	HasA	child
drive	HasSubevent	turn
fire	CapableOf	damage
stockholm	PartOf	sweden
banjo	UsedFor	strum
spaghetti	IsA	food
phone	IsA	telephone
stone	HasProperty	cold
god	HasProperty	good
facet	PartOf	sink
sad	HasProperty	bad
dolphin	CapableOf	swim
awake	HasPrerequisite	consciousness
toilet	CapableOf	flush
oxygen	AtLocation	air
lion	IsA	cat
water	InheritsFrom	ocean
sunburn	Causes	cancer
cow	AtLocation	paddock
class	RelatedTo	homework
game	IsA	recreation
tea	ReceivesAction	brew
recorder	IsA	instrument
field	AtLocation	country
dictionary	IsA	book
sheet	HasProperty	white
snow	HasProperty	beautiful
month	PartOf	calendar
fuji	InstanceOf	apple
vegetable	IsA	food
ball	HasProperty	fun
backpack	AtLocation	school
amber	IsA	resin
fish	InheritsFrom	submarine
sleep	HasSubevent	snore
poop	HasProperty	smelly
epistemology	PartOf	philosophy
cartoon	AtLocation	newspaper
magic	UsedFor	fun
plane	AtLocation	runway
cock	HasProperty	penis
hospital	SymbolOf	surgery
trash	AtLocation	bin
shadow	NotHasProperty	dark
stool	UsedFor	rest
parent	AtLocation	family
bagel	IsA	bread
pig	AtLocation	mud
airport	HasA	runway
soup	AtLocation	can
story	UsedFor	read
hanger	AtLocation	closet
grass	AtLocation	field
scrabble	IsA	board game
boot	IsA	shoe
fox	IsA	canine
geek	HasProperty	intelligent
water	AtLocation	brine
hull	PartOf	ship
baton	IsA	stick
troll	IsA	monster
couch	HasProperty	comfortable
cabinet	PartOf	kitchen
dictator	PartOf	dictatorship
trash	AtLocation	dumpster
leaf	PartOf	plant
whore	UsedFor	sex
turtle	AtLocation	ocean
flirt	HasSubevent	smile
saxophone	MadeOf	metal
kettle	IsA	pot
snow	PartOf	weather
nylon	IsA	plastic
cheat	MotivatedByGoal	win
triangle	IsA	instrument
fork	AtLocation	plate
border	AtLocation	map
sofa	UsedFor	lounge
net	AtLocation	boat
rabbit	Desires	carrot
spam	IsA	email
pecan	IsA	nut
government	HasProperty	corrupt
neutron	PartOf	atom
sail	HasProperty	white
handgun	IsA	weapon
court	UsedFor	justice
television	HasProperty	entertain
radish	IsA	vegetable
book	UsedFor	resource
dog	HasProperty	friendly
chemistry	IsA	science
saturday	IsA	day
pavement	UsedFor	hit
breathe	HasSubevent	choke
asleep	HasSubevent	dream
beaver	IsA	animal
king	UsedFor	rule
cup	IsA	vessel
roller coaster	AtLocation	theme park
animal	AtLocation	farm
dog	CapableOf	run
pilot	CapableOf	fly
talk	Causes	conversation
stew	IsA	food
deer	IsA	animal
wing	UsedFor	bird
fern	IsA	plant
theatre	UsedFor	event
sky	AtLocation	outside
diva	AtLocation	opera
criminal	HasProperty	violent
garden	HasA	flower
channel	AtLocation	television
medicine	HasProperty	bitter
corn	AtLocation	acre
memorize	HasPrerequisite	study
pretend	HasPrerequisite	imagine
pepsi	IsA	drink
weapon	CapableOf	kill
rock	IsA	stone
plastic	HasProperty	durable
penguin	AtLocation	sea
oboe	IsA	instrument
exercise	HasFirstSubevent	stretch
light	HasProperty	electrical
water	AtLocation	delta
tutor	IsA	instructor
car	HasProperty	red
canadian	AtLocation	canada
milk	AtLocation	cow
fairy tale	IsA	book
pupil	PartOf	eye
phantom	AtLocation	opera
animal	IsA	creature
fireplace	AtLocation	home
morphine	IsA	sedative
mercury	IsA	element
submarine	IsA	ship
oxygen	PartOf	carbon dioxide
forest	AtLocation	outdoors
olive	PartOf	martini
giraffe	IsA	animal
work	Causes	creation
blanket	UsedFor	sleep
skyscraper	AtLocation	city
nile	IsA	river
swim	HasSubevent	stroke
microsoft	IsA	corporation
leaf	AtLocation	tree
rose	HasA	petal
fruit	HasA	vitamin
gallery	AtLocation	museum
sport	HasProperty	competitive
work	MotivatedByGoal	money
die	HasSubevent	death
salad	UsedFor	eat
machete	IsA	sword
world	HasProperty	flat
pelican	CapableOf	fly
book	ReceivesAction	write
stock market	PartOf	economy
watch	IsA	clock
fart	HasProperty	funny
tangerine	IsA	fruit
car	AtLocation	garage
gas	UsedFor	balloon
metal	HasProperty	shiny
towel	MadeOf	cotton
stem	PartOf	plant
toilet	ReceivesAction	flush
country	AtLocation	continent
pigeon	IsA	bird
stereo	AtLocation	car
irish	IsA	nationality
passport	UsedFor	identification
cheque	AtLocation	bank
vertebrate	HasA	backbone
sleep	MotivatedByGoal	rest
steak	ReceivesAction	grill
bigotry	Causes	hatred
compete	HasFirstSubevent	win
ax	UsedFor	cut
uncle	PartOf	family
light	UsedFor	illumination
hippie	HasA	long hair
monument	UsedFor	remember
apple	NotIsA	pear
e-mail	UsedFor	communication
heifer	AtLocation	field
stew	AtLocation	pot
oil	AtLocation	motor
penis	CreatedBy	vagina
column	AtLocation	newspaper
sleep	Causes	death
cupcake	HasPrerequisite	bake
atheism	NotIsA	religion
earth	HasA	atmosphere
water	AtLocation	steam
salsa	IsA	dance
dracula	IsA	vampire
money	AtLocation	cash register
feel	HasProperty	soft
roof	PartOf	house
classroom	PartOf	school
fall	HasPrerequisite	trip
organ	PartOf	organism
mouse	AtLocation	keyboard
rifle	UsedFor	kill
bird	CapableOf	sing
night	SymbolOf	sleep
hand	CapableOf	grip
handle	PartOf	hammer
lie	UsedFor	deceive
tangerine	HasProperty	orange
silk	AtLocation	china
antenna	PartOf	radio
wind	UsedFor	energy
ice cream	HasProperty	delicious
stove	UsedFor	cook
book	UsedFor	learn
tenant	AtLocation	apartment
finger	UsedFor	type
nerve	AtLocation	brain
france	IsA	country
monkey	AtLocation	tree
man	IsA	male
chair	AtLocation	corner
cat	CapableOf	cry
swing	IsA	dance
spot	Desires	run
something	AtLocation	someone
water	AtLocation	fridge
population	AtLocation	country
diagram	IsA	picture
titanium	IsA	metal
product	AtLocation	store
apartment	IsA	home
ruler	UsedFor	measure
pot	MadeOf	soil
dresser	AtLocation	house
musical	IsA	play
ankle	IsA	joint
wing	PartOf	aeroplane
condom	IsA	protection
swan	IsA	bird
red	SymbolOf	blood
tree	ReceivesAction	fell
bite	PartOf	byte
bicycle	IsA	transportation
turtle	PartOf	animal
salamander	IsA	amphibian
shark	AtLocation	ocean
explosive	AtLocation	bomb
engineer	CapableOf	design
meat	UsedFor	eat
ice	AtLocation	refrigerator
arc	PartOf	circle
present	AtLocation	christmas tree
native american	SymbolOf	reservation
sunshine	AtLocation	summer
college	HasProperty	fun
playground	AtLocation	school
ink	UsedFor	print
penguin	IsA	animal
furniture	AtLocation	store
bird	HasA	wing
screw	IsA	spiral
learn	HasPrerequisite	study
cell	PartOf	body
suit	AtLocation	suitcase
round	IsA	shape
diesel	IsA	fuel
dog	CapableOf	growl
bathe	UsedFor	wash
puppet	IsA	doll
brunch	IsA	meal
water	AtLocation	canoe
winter	IsA	season
swim	Causes	drown
squirrel	IsA	animal
think	Causes	idea
liquor	AtLocation	bar
wheel	PartOf	bicycle
nail	PartOf	house
saloon	UsedFor	beer
brick	HasProperty	heavy
chimpanzee	IsA	monkey
criminal	AtLocation	jail
client	AtLocation	office
future	ReceivesAction	predict
language	ReceivesAction	learn
armchair	IsA	chair
metal	HasProperty	heavy
woman	HasA	baby
sword	MadeOf	metal
affair	Causes	divorce
circle	SymbolOf	life
gas	UsedFor	fart
cd	AtLocation	stereo
dog	HasProperty	goofy
jog	Causes	sweat
limestone	MadeOf	lime
love	DefinedAs	foolishness
labor	AtLocation	work
d	PartOf	alphabet
program	AtLocation	theater
nightclub	UsedFor	drink
hatchet	IsA	tool
snack	IsA	food
fresh	IsA	smell
penny	IsA	coin
thing	IsA	something
language	RelatedTo	speak
opera	IsA	sing
shirt	HasProperty	stripe
grenade	AtLocation	war
wrestle	IsA	sport
saxophone	IsA	wind instrument
tub	UsedFor	bathe
tire	HasA	tread
pool	UsedFor	dive
flint	IsA	stone
death	IsA	forever
chickadee	IsA	bird
centipede	IsA	animal
milk	IsA	liquid
brain	AtLocation	skull
stage	UsedFor	play
tile	UsedFor	art
projectile	AtLocation	gun
evil	HasProperty	bad
actor	AtLocation	movie
geek	AtLocation	school
bicycle	UsedFor	race
wool	AtLocation	shirt
school	UsedFor	teach
up	IsA	direction
devil	AtLocation	hell
voice	UsedFor	talk
referee	AtLocation	football
fork	HasA	tine
closet	HasA	door
waterfall	HasProperty	majestic
bird	IsA	animal
flag	AtLocation	country
shop	HasPrerequisite	money
paperclip	AtLocation	office
information	PartOf	book
cider	MadeOf	apple
airplane	HasA	wing
fall	Causes	injury
flower	UsedFor	decoration
cue	UsedFor	billiards
fire	Causes	ash
water	AtLocation	sink
neighbour	AtLocation	next door
dog	AtLocation	vet
desert	IsA	terrain
shell	PartOf	egg
sun	IsA	star
curtain	AtLocation	theater
button	IsA	fasten
vibrator	IsA	toy
castle	AtLocation	england
bee	AtLocation	beehive
accord	IsA	honda
rubber	ReceivesAction	bouncy
assignment	AtLocation	work
wheelchair	IsA	chair
meteorite	IsA	meteor
cinnamon	IsA	spice
blade	PartOf	fan
egg	UsedFor	scramble
zoo	AtLocation	lion
brewery	IsA	factory
planet	AtLocation	outer space
organ	UsedFor	music
bird	AtLocation	tree
movie star	HasProperty	famous
wood	UsedFor	build
memory	PartOf	computer
gem	IsA	stone
eiffel tower	AtLocation	paris
cat	CapableOf	scratch
dog	CapableOf	walk
deficit	IsA	shortage
islam	IsA	religion
music	HasProperty	entertain
spoon	UsedFor	eat
prisoner	CapableOf	jail
food	AtLocation	supermarket
eraser	UsedFor	erase
voice	UsedFor	shout
tree	CapableOf	grow
artery	IsA	blood vessel
gun	HasProperty	dangerous
procreate	HasSubevent	have sex
temple	SymbolOf	thailand
money	AtLocation	casino
table	PartOf	kitchen
bed	CausesDesire	rest
sofa	IsA	chair
god	PartOf	church
dust	AtLocation	carpet
man	CapableOf	orgasm
house	IsA	home
cannon	UsedFor	war
boy	IsA	man
pool	UsedFor	swim
trigger	PartOf	gun
colour	IsA	color
pub	AtLocation	england
think	HasPrerequisite	brain
woman	IsA	human
cherub	IsA	angel
sofa	UsedFor	sleep
animal	PartOf	ecosystem
pool	HasA	water
sing	HasProperty	fun
tram	AtLocation	city
gold	HasA	value
cheese	AtLocation	fridge
jazz	IsA	music
triangle	UsedFor	geometry
plate	HasProperty	flat
colorado	IsA	place
triangle	AtLocation	geometry
ink	HasProperty	blue
door	HasA	handle
read	HasPrerequisite	book
island	UsedFor	vacation
flirt	CapableOf	flirt
chimpanzee	IsA	ape
dot	IsA	point
suicide	Causes	death
spinach	IsA	vegetable
home	HasProperty	safe
cook	HasPrerequisite	food
bicycle	UsedFor	fun
footprint	AtLocation	beach
talk	HasSubevent	laugh
child	HasProperty	cute
crack	IsA	drug
verb	AtLocation	sentence
salt	UsedFor	flavor
ski	UsedFor	sport
screwdriver	IsA	drink
gopher	IsA	mammal
polo	IsA	sport
shirt	UsedFor	wear
lesson	AtLocation	school
camera	UsedFor	photography
finger	CapableOf	point
toothbrush	AtLocation	bathroom
fact	HasProperty	true
peanut	IsA	nut
house	HasA	foyer
alcohol	Causes	hangover
lie	UsedFor	cheat
mountain	HasA	snow
sunflower	IsA	flower
water	HasProperty	transparent
ocean	HasProperty	wide
dance	UsedFor	perform
deck	IsA	shuffle
mercury	IsA	metal
viola	UsedFor	music
parsley	IsA	herb
celery	IsA	vegetable
saxophone	IsA	musical instrument
frisbee	IsA	toy
cannonball	UsedFor	cannon
psychology	AtLocation	textbook
horse	IsA	jump
study	UsedFor	learn
button	HasProperty	press
gun	AtLocation	holster
shop	IsA	store
girl	HasProperty	female
plane	CapableOf	fly
meat	AtLocation	freezer
hair	ReceivesAction	cut
house	HasA	yard
brother	PartOf	family
escalator	AtLocation	mall
cellphone	UsedFor	communication
squirrel	AtLocation	park
period	AtLocation	woman
performance	AtLocation	theatre
vine	PartOf	jungle
car	UsedFor	mobility
head	HasA	brain
someone	AtLocation	somewhere
bumper	PartOf	car
freedom	HasPrerequisite	liberty
toe	AtLocation	sock
freeway	AtLocation	america
tap	UsedFor	beer
eagle	IsA	bird
oil	IsA	fuel
knee	IsA	joint
woman	HasProperty	beautiful
humor	CausesDesire	laugh
sugar	HasProperty	white
heroin	IsA	drug
furniture	AtLocation	house
painter	CapableOf	paint
poverty	HasProperty	sad
tea	IsA	drink
dart	HasProperty	pointy
television	HasA	screen
ferret	IsA	mammal
hand	AtLocation	pocket
marjoram	IsA	herb
koala	IsA	animal
beanie	IsA	hat
bay	UsedFor	watch
airplane	HasA	propeller
moon	IsA	star
bank	HasA	branch
pain	IsA	sensation
pill	UsedFor	headache
k	PartOf	alphabet
language	UsedFor	communicate
sink	PartOf	kitchen
oven	PartOf	kitchen
knife	UsedFor	slice
football	UsedFor	recreation
life	HasProperty	finite
grapefruit	HasProperty	bitter
solar system	PartOf	milky way
pen	AtLocation	desktop
alphabet	IsA	letter
factory	UsedFor	manufacture
cushion	PartOf	sofa
rabbit	PartOf	animal
sofa	ReceivesAction	cushion
turtle	IsA	reptile
sloth	IsA	animal
adaptation	PartOf	evolution
study	RelatedTo	mathematics
someone	AtLocation	friend
triangle	AtLocation	math
string	IsA	musical instrument
wife	HasProperty	female
rifle	IsA	weapon
education	UsedFor	learn
island	AtLocation	pacific
leather	UsedFor	whip
troll	AtLocation	bridge
listen	HasSubevent	pay attention
steeple	AtLocation	church
cable	AtLocation	television
helicopter	AtLocation	sky
relax	MotivatedByGoal	rest
novel	IsA	book
wheel	UsedFor	roll
uranus	AtLocation	space
submarine	AtLocation	sea
catwalk	HasProperty	narrow
brain	IsA	head
silk	HasProperty	smooth
rest	HasPrerequisite	relaxation
fire	SymbolOf	primitive
ufo	AtLocation	space
cancer	IsA	disease
math	HasProperty	hard
wall	HasProperty	vertical
diamond	UsedFor	cut
horse	AtLocation	paddock
squash	IsA	sport
cucumber	IsA	vegetable
graphite	IsA	carbon
clothe	AtLocation	house
wood	CapableOf	burn
missile	IsA	rocket
health	HasPrerequisite	exercise
cake	HasProperty	spongy
violin	AtLocation	orchestra
orange	IsA	color
sun	IsA	set
apple	HasProperty	crisp
zombie	IsA	undead
prisoner	AtLocation	prison
artichoke	IsA	vegetable
boat	HasProperty	fun
die	InheritsFrom	kill
cartoon	IsA	art
animal	PartOf	nature
tarmac	AtLocation	airport
person	NotDesires	louse
hummingbird	CapableOf	hover
murder	IsA	homicide
balance	IsA	scale
penny	MadeOf	copper
corn	AtLocation	cob
graph	IsA	diagram
groundhog	IsA	mammal
scheme	IsA	plot
learn	UsedFor	interest
city	NotDesires	sprawl
christmas	IsA	holiday
violin	IsA	musical instrument
sauce	PartOf	pizza
elephant	HasA	tusk
queen	UsedFor	chess
plain	HasProperty	flat
teacher	CapableOf	encourage
spaghetti	IsA	pasta
authority	SymbolOf	power
medal	IsA	reward
snake	HasA	scale
block	IsA	cube
billiards	IsA	game
wheat	RelatedTo	health
fast food	HasProperty	fatty
jihad	IsA	terrorism
sugar	PartOf	candy
virus	Causes	cold
bacon	HasProperty	good
bear	AtLocation	zoo
elvis	HasProperty	dead
bowl	UsedFor	soup
song	IsA	poetry
drink	HasPrerequisite	swallow
lie	HasProperty	false
asteroid	AtLocation	space
food	UsedFor	cook
alp	IsA	mountain
girl	IsA	kid
seed	AtLocation	pod
dog	HasProperty	black
kill	UsedFor	revenge
canoe	IsA	sport
detergent	UsedFor	clean
passenger	AtLocation	vehicle
pebble	AtLocation	pond
water	AtLocation	juice
semen	AtLocation	penis
kiss	Causes	sex
planet	HasProperty	round
wrestle	HasSubevent	sweat
community	AtLocation	city
mountain	UsedFor	climb
tv	IsA	media
bank	HasA	insurance
fetus	AtLocation	womb
champagne	UsedFor	celebrate
owl	HasA	eye
ocean	HasProperty	salty
pencil	CapableOf	draw
artist	CapableOf	paint
radius	PartOf	arm
relax	HasPrerequisite	meditate
proton	PartOf	atom
boy	HasA	penis
polish	AtLocation	shoe
rock	HasProperty	heavy
pub	AtLocation	ireland
marker	AtLocation	book
freeway	IsA	highway
popcorn	AtLocation	movie
house	HasA	door
s	PartOf	alphabet
woman	IsA	person
window	HasProperty	clear
vine	AtLocation	jungle
airplane	CapableOf	take off
music	HasProperty	relax
neighbor	AtLocation	next door
oxygen	IsA	element
tree	UsedFor	shade
accommodation	AtLocation	hotel
canal	AtLocation	amsterdam
bass	IsA	musical instrument
polo	IsA	game
racism	HasProperty	bad
stream	AtLocation	river
paper	HasProperty	thin
door	ReceivesAction	open
triangle	IsA	shape
candle	UsedFor	light
avocado	IsA	fruit
parakeet	IsA	pet
tornado	HasProperty	unpredictable
notebook	AtLocation	class
holland	PartOf	europe
drawback	IsA	disadvantage
vampire	DefinedAs	undead
human	InheritsFrom	person
chalkboard	IsA	slate
alcohol	HasProperty	intoxicate
taxi	HasProperty	yellow
monument	IsA	statue
lily	PartOf	flower
swamp	AtLocation	louisiana
swim	HasProperty	fun
dog	AtLocation	park
lion	CapableOf	roar
house	HasA	wall
steam	HasProperty	hot
axle	PartOf	machine
brick	AtLocation	build
dust	AtLocation	shelf
shotgun	UsedFor	hunt
coleslaw	IsA	salad
yoyo	IsA	toy
turnip	IsA	vegetable
wire	AtLocation	spool
chocolate	CapableOf	melt
rain	AtLocation	seattle
seat	AtLocation	bike
soda	HasA	caffeine
tiredness	CausesDesire	sleep
shellfish	AtLocation	sea
tv	HasProperty	fun
afternoon	PartOf	day
saucepan	AtLocation	kitchen
screw	IsA	fastener
red	DefinedAs	color
kiss	HasSubevent	embrace
perform	UsedFor	entertain
duck	PartOf	animal
scheme	IsA	machination
ocean	InheritsFrom	water
rabbit	IsA	animal
exercise	Causes	pain
eat	HasPrerequisite	swallow
earth	AtLocation	sun
insect	CapableOf	buzz
cabinet	UsedFor	storage
produce	AtLocation	supermarket
calculator	UsedFor	calculation
inmate	CapableOf	prison
heat	HasProperty	warm
tomato	IsA	plant
bureau	AtLocation	office
penis	UsedFor	pee
gin	IsA	alcohol
bed	HasProperty	soft
earth	HasProperty	water
kangaroo	Desires	jump
tofu	MadeOf	bean
movie	IsA	film
rhode island	IsA	state
austria	IsA	country
pony	PartOf	animal
life	HasProperty	hard
blotter	AtLocation	desktop
good	IsA	adjective
alley	UsedFor	walk
sherlock holmes	IsA	detective
pen	UsedFor	write
blood	PartOf	body
nothing	HasProperty	useless
play	AtLocation	theater
bishop	AtLocation	church
marble	IsA	rock
politician	HasProperty	corrupt
sugar	AtLocation	coffee
prayer	AtLocation	synagogue
bell	AtLocation	church
home	IsA	comfort
racist	AtLocation	kkk
book	HasA	word
marsupial	IsA	mammal
snake	AtLocation	jungle
furniture	AtLocation	room
oxygen	IsA	gas
soldier	AtLocation	battle
check	AtLocation	checkbook
orbit	AtLocation	space
horn	UsedFor	blow
toe	PartOf	foot
ant	AtLocation	colony
moisturizer	AtLocation	lotion
maple	IsA	wood
reproduce	Causes	child
phone	UsedFor	talk
number	ReceivesAction	multiply
white	NotIsA	color
movie	AtLocation	theater
universe	HasProperty	expand
ball	UsedFor	tennis
table	RelatedTo	chair
puzzle	AtLocation	newspaper
child	CreatedBy	parent
heat	UsedFor	energy
follicle	PartOf	hair
city	AtLocation	country
eyebrow	IsA	hair
plane	UsedFor	fly
miss piggy	IsA	muppet
sick	AtLocation	hospital
outer space	AtLocation	space
earwig	IsA	insect
sloth	AtLocation	tree
wood	AtLocation	house
electron	IsA	particle
wine	IsA	liquor
statue	MadeOf	bronze
sand	AtLocation	grind
earring	AtLocation	ear
fat lady	AtLocation	opera
idea	AtLocation	brain
emotion	IsA	feel
cabbage	IsA	vegetable
ring	MadeOf	gold
stapler	AtLocation	work
game	AtLocation	casino
war	ReceivesAction	wage
bullet	AtLocation	war
methanol	IsA	alcohol
wall	AtLocation	corner
soprano	IsA	voice
meat	UsedFor	protein
lemonade	IsA	drink
dummy	UsedFor	baby
glass	ReceivesAction	break
flower	HasA	pollen
floor	PartOf	room
health	HasProperty	important
bat	AtLocation	cave
bunny	Desires	hop
sun	UsedFor	heat
rod	IsA	pole
tv	UsedFor	watch
rooster	IsA	bird
delegate	AtLocation	conference
hand	UsedFor	cut
prostitute	AtLocation	street
water	IsA	life
gold	HasProperty	malleable
kite	AtLocation	air
camera	HasA	flash
armchair	UsedFor	sit
ceiling	AtLocation	loft
cry	PartOf	sadness
habitat	AtLocation	ecology
lie	Causes	distrust
dog	ReceivesAction	love
norway	IsA	country
waltz	IsA	dance
fruit	HasProperty	healthy
tv	ReceivesAction	watch
clean	HasSubevent	dust
wallet	AtLocation	purse
lawn	HasProperty	green
wood	IsA	solid
meteor	AtLocation	outer space
water	PartOf	sea
calculus	HasProperty	difficult
book	UsedFor	relaxation
triangle	IsA	figure
sun	HasProperty	yellow
learn	HasSubevent	listen
silver	UsedFor	jewelry
bill	AtLocation	restaurant
ford	IsA	company
classroom	UsedFor	teach
edinburgh	PartOf	scotland
dog	IsA	pet
citizen	CapableOf	vote
ferris wheel	AtLocation	carnival
cat	AtLocation	alley
canvas	UsedFor	paint
program	HasSubevent	execute
characteristic	AtLocation	person
wool	AtLocation	sweater
pickle	IsA	cucumber
privacy	AtLocation	bedroom
duck	HasA	feather
passenger	IsA	person
chip	MadeOf	silicon
ball	HasProperty	circular
cheddar	IsA	cheese
cigarette	CreatedBy	tobacco
chimney	PartOf	house
alarm clock	UsedFor	wake up
dog	UsedFor	pet
chair	IsA	place
metal	IsA	conductor
bride	AtLocation	wed
box	UsedFor	pack
sushi	HasProperty	delicious
letter	AtLocation	alphabet
photograph	UsedFor	memory
alp	DefinedAs	mountain
clipboard	AtLocation	work
chair	HasA	leg
man	ReceivesAction	rape
coast	AtLocation	california
router	CapableOf	route
show	UsedFor	entertain
foot	AtLocation	sock
lava	HasProperty	hot
clue	AtLocation	mystery
trash	HasProperty	unwanted
chicken	IsA	animal
carpet	AtLocation	house
horn	UsedFor	music
lyre	IsA	harp
erection	AtLocation	man
i	NotCapableOf	know
house	HasProperty	paint
aunt	PartOf	relative
d	IsA	letter
elephant	IsA	mammal
food	HasProperty	good
flute	IsA	musical instrument
abdomen	PartOf	insect
bulb	ReceivesAction	break
singer	HasProperty	sing
child	AtLocation	playground
butter	AtLocation	bread
glass	ReceivesAction	recycle
soldier	UsedFor	kill
appliance	AtLocation	kitchen
product	ReceivesAction	manufacture
coal	AtLocation	fire
board	MadeOf	wood
grass	AtLocation	park
policeman	IsA	job
paper	IsA	material
think	UsedFor	creativity
potato	AtLocation	dirt
researcher	AtLocation	laboratory
otter	IsA	mammal
water	AtLocation	faucet
sprinkler	AtLocation	lawn
grape	AtLocation	wine
sneeze	HasSubevent	spray
electricity	MadeOf	electron
flesh	IsA	color
egg	AtLocation	nest
cider	UsedFor	drink
computer	HasA	screen
kettle	HasA	water
neck	AtLocation	bottle
judge	Desires	order
stone	HasProperty	rough
anime	IsA	animation
aerobics	UsedFor	exercise
game	HasA	rule
junkie	UsedFor	heroin
air	HasProperty	clear
yo-yo	IsA	weapon
pottery	MadeOf	clay
cemetery	HasA	tombstone
printer	AtLocation	computer
cat	AtLocation	ally
male	IsA	boy
dog	IsA	best friend
house	IsA	build
ice	HasProperty	solid
rail	AtLocation	porch
intern	AtLocation	office
kindergarten	AtLocation	child
curtain	AtLocation	window
light bulb	Causes	illumination
shark	InheritsFrom	fish
gift	AtLocation	box
candy	HasA	sugar
emu	IsA	animal
roller skate	IsA	skate
mill	UsedFor	grind
time	ReceivesAction	limit
play	HasProperty	fun
love	InheritsFrom	sex
silverware	AtLocation	kitchen
army	AtLocation	fort
house	HasA	basement
dessert	IsA	food
knife	UsedFor	eat
pineapple	HasProperty	tropical
sleep	HasSubevent	dream
fbi	CapableOf	investigate
tv	HasA	channel
conference	HasSubevent	talk
boat	AtLocation	water
tornado	IsA	weather
milk	HasA	water
queen	UsedFor	rule
sugar	IsA	carbohydrate
food	AtLocation	table
idea	PartOf	philosophy
knowledge	AtLocation	book
cake	UsedFor	decorate
boat	IsA	vehicle
ice cream	HasProperty	cold
lizard	HasA	scale
person	HasProperty	human
cold	AtLocation	freezer
wallpaper	AtLocation	desktop
person	HasProperty	impatient
dynamite	UsedFor	explosion
steak	MadeOf	beef
leg	UsedFor	run
spook	IsA	ghost
coffee	IsA	beverage
name	UsedFor	identification
king	IsA	royalty
swing	AtLocation	porch
grill	AtLocation	oven
train	UsedFor	learn
ball	UsedFor	bounce
snout	PartOf	pig
bicycle	UsedFor	ride
love	CausesDesire	procreate
outer space	HasProperty	infinite
bottle	HasA	liquid
voice	IsA	instrument
tool	HasProperty	useful
mole	AtLocation	underground
person	AtLocation	family
hair	AtLocation	skin
hamster	IsA	animal
puppy	HasProperty	love
headline	AtLocation	newspaper
snowball	ReceivesAction	throw
desert	HasProperty	dry
lamp	AtLocation	table
believer	IsA	religion
furniture	MadeOf	wood
scandal	AtLocation	newspaper
bee	CapableOf	buzz
food	AtLocation	pizza
foot	AtLocation	shoe
germany	IsA	country
platinum	IsA	metal
textbook	UsedFor	learn
peanut butter	AtLocation	jar
player	PartOf	team
husband	IsA	mate
drink	HasLastSubevent	swallow
pretend	HasPrerequisite	act
tea	IsA	beverage
bone	HasA	marrow
jupiter	IsA	planet
rabbi	AtLocation	synagogue
human	IsA	mammal
vehicle	UsedFor	travel
marble	UsedFor	game
dinosaur	IsA	reptile
snow	HasProperty	fluffy
christianity	IsA	religion
vegetable	IsA	plant
relax	MotivatedByGoal	sleep
lip	IsA	mouth
relax	Causes	sleep
highway	AtLocation	city
infection	Causes	death
dog	CapableOf	bark
light source	AtLocation	light bulb
laughter	HasProperty	contagious
trumpet	IsA	wind instrument
classroom	RelatedTo	blackboard
parasite	Desires	host
house	HasA	floor
comfort	AtLocation	home
triangle	UsedFor	music
flea	IsA	parasite
comet	AtLocation	space
herb	IsA	plant
person	HasProperty	selfish
marble	IsA	stone
brain	CapableOf	think
sap	AtLocation	tree
pill	UsedFor	medicine
dresser	AtLocation	bedroom
bone	IsA	breakable
bone	HasProperty	strong
beethoven	IsA	composer
fruit	HasA	seed
soldier	PartOf	army
asia	IsA	continent
sand	MadeOf	gravel
student	CapableOf	study
bean	IsA	vegetable
merchandise	AtLocation	shop
encyclopedia	HasProperty	old
sheep	AtLocation	farm
trumpet	AtLocation	band
sword	UsedFor	cut
gold	HasProperty	rare
train	AtLocation	railway
mother	IsA	woman
audience	AtLocation	show
sleep	HasSubevent	drool
horse	PartOf	animal
fashion	HasProperty	fun
glue	AtLocation	school
talk	HasSubevent	walk
traffic light	AtLocation	street
punchline	PartOf	joke
sewage	AtLocation	drain
pistol	IsA	gun
barrel	IsA	container
sex	Causes	fun
leg	IsA	limb
resort	HasA	pool
stethoscope	IsA	tool
scheme	IsA	manipulation
helium	IsA	element
animal	CapableOf	love
see	UsedFor	saw
cell phone	UsedFor	call
dinner	IsA	meal
bicycle	UsedFor	transportation
fire	AtLocation	fireplace
armor	UsedFor	protection
manslaughter	IsA	homicide
zucchini	IsA	vegetable
stair	AtLocation	house
army	HasA	tank
marsh	AtLocation	florida
trunk	AtLocation	attic
ash	AtLocation	urn
mountain	HasProperty	large
sound	HasProperty	loud
road	UsedFor	traffic
chalkboard	MadeOf	slate
kid	HasProperty	play
dollar	IsA	currency
sleep	UsedFor	dream
cloud	MadeOf	vapor
frost	AtLocation	freezer
beam	UsedFor	support
seaweed	PartOf	ocean
cashier	AtLocation	shop
bridge	MadeOf	steel
breathe	HasSubevent	live
flower	AtLocation	countryside
house	HasProperty	big
altar	UsedFor	sacrifice
salad	HasA	shrimp
weapon	HasProperty	destructive
baseball	UsedFor	throw
murderer	AtLocation	prison
water	AtLocation	sewer
die	HasSubevent	funeral
water	AtLocation	typhoon
work	Causes	stress
fabric	UsedFor	curtain
orange	HasProperty	sweet
melon	InstanceOf	fruit
chicken	IsA	bird
horse	HasA	hair
bicycle	HasProperty	red
washcloth	AtLocation	bathroom
magnet	AtLocation	fridge
drive	HasSubevent	steer
crab	IsA	seafood
peace	AtLocation	meditate
study	AtLocation	school
sit	HasProperty	stand
dna	IsA	molecule
leg	IsA	body part
jet	CapableOf	take off
ash	AtLocation	ashtray
wine	AtLocation	italy
food	ReceivesAction	eat
sand	AtLocation	desert
explore	HasProperty	fun
write	HasSubevent	think
column	HasProperty	vertical
earth	HasA	surface
mother	CapableOf	love
earth	HasProperty	blue
foot	AtLocation	yard
news	PartOf	media
apple juice	HasProperty	delicious
couch	UsedFor	sleep
cheese	HasA	hole
eat	HasPrerequisite	cook
ride	AtLocation	theme park
child	PartOf	family
chapter	PartOf	story
doctor	AtLocation	hospital
light bulb	MadeOf	glass
screen	AtLocation	movie
dog	CapableOf	sit
relax	HasSubevent	read
mushroom	AtLocation	pizza
adventure	HasProperty	thrill
board game	IsA	game
snow	AtLocation	mountain
ribbon	AtLocation	typewriter
engine	PartOf	automobile
shore	LocatedNear	ocean
copier	AtLocation	office
fin	PartOf	fish
ignorance	Causes	bliss
bathroom	IsA	restroom
hilt	PartOf	sword
saturn	IsA	planet
screw	ReceivesAction	turn
glass	HasProperty	clear
lip	UsedFor	kiss
houston	PartOf	texas
boat	UsedFor	fish
politician	CapableOf	lie
sex	AtLocation	porn
study	HasSubevent	read
love	Causes	marriage
alcohol	HasProperty	addictive
ink	AtLocation	pen
screen	PartOf	cell phone
television	UsedFor	watch
american	AtLocation	america
church	UsedFor	wedding
coast	IsA	edge
sleep	HasPrerequisite	relax
atom	PartOf	molecule
drug	IsA	substance
jean	MadeOf	denim
fire	HasProperty	red
daytime	HasProperty	bright
gorilla	IsA	mammal
leg	UsedFor	walk
ledge	PartOf	cliff
ocean	HasProperty	water
bass	IsA	instrument
sword	CapableOf	slash
eyeshadow	IsA	makeup
cliff	CausesDesire	climb
abortion	AtLocation	clinic
bow	PartOf	ship
machine gun	UsedFor	kill
bee	CapableOf	fly
dream	UsedFor	visualize
andromeda	IsA	galaxy
kitten	HasProperty	lovable
article	PartOf	newspaper
vagina	IsA	genitals
kitten	AtLocation	cat
blue	IsA	colour
cheat	PartOf	affair
coca cola	IsA	cola
cow	IsA	herbivore
sex	InheritsFrom	love
cactus	IsA	plant
olympics	SymbolOf	medal
scale	UsedFor	weigh
nylon	UsedFor	parachute
love	IsA	feel
bali	PartOf	indonesia
wallet	MadeOf	leather
doorbell	AtLocation	front door
idea	CausesDesire	invent
ring	UsedFor	engage
water	HasProperty	clear
steak	IsA	food
space	UsedFor	park
leave	AtLocation	tree
razor	HasProperty	sharp
dog	HasProperty	loyal
fish	AtLocation	stream
work	AtLocation	school
mercury	IsA	planet
soap	UsedFor	wash
leech	PartOf	animal
grill	HasProperty	hot
whine	UsedFor	baby
file	AtLocation	computer
kayak	IsA	canoe
wound	AtLocation	war
chime	IsA	bell
frisbee	HasProperty	round
revolver	IsA	weapon
bathroom	AtLocation	soap
grandson	PartOf	family
work	HasSubevent	accomplishment
bed	UsedFor	sleep
fart	UsedFor	laugh
woman	IsA	slut
body	HasA	bone
champagne	HasA	bubble
cook	MotivatedByGoal	eat
father	IsA	man
dog	UsedFor	fun
elbow	UsedFor	bend
corn husk	PartOf	tamale
frisbee	AtLocation	park
hair	AtLocation	drain
test tube	AtLocation	laboratory
head	UsedFor	think
room	PartOf	house
glass	HasProperty	fragile
cord	IsA	rope
wood	HasA	grain
grape	HasProperty	green
sex	ReceivesAction	enjoyable
coral	HasProperty	alive
key	AtLocation	lock
shipwreck	AtLocation	ocean
smoke	AtLocation	fire
remote control	IsA	device
person	CapableOf	another
desk	MadeOf	wood
home	HasA	bedroom
bag	AtLocation	mall
moon	AtLocation	space
gin	UsedFor	drink
science fiction	IsA	book
wrestle	HasPrerequisite	strength
husband	UsedFor	wife
kid	DefinedAs	child
life	IsA	struggle
square	IsA	rectangle
softball	IsA	sport
war	Causes	destruction
brain	SymbolOf	knowledge
ball	IsA	sphere
spark	Causes	fire
gun	UsedFor	kill
plate	AtLocation	cupboard
valley	HasProperty	low
cumin	IsA	spice
train	AtLocation	track
toy	UsedFor	play
gamble	HasProperty	risky
door	AtLocation	room
moon	RelatedTo	star
key	AtLocation	house
sheep	IsA	mammal
teacher	Desires	teach
lens	AtLocation	microscope
hunter	AtLocation	forest
poodle	IsA	pet
muscle	IsA	tissue
corn	IsA	starch
pavement	HasProperty	hard
lipstick	AtLocation	purse
pray	AtLocation	church
bathroom	HasA	toilet
jar	MadeOf	glass
ocean	UsedFor	sail
hair	UsedFor	warmth
mailbox	HasA	mail
quartz	IsA	mineral
drawer	AtLocation	dresser
money	UsedFor	save
place	AtLocation	map
talk	HasPrerequisite	voice
bear	IsA	mammal
canada	IsA	country
scientist	CapableOf	research
cancer	HasProperty	bad
chicken	AtLocation	farm
curry	HasProperty	spicy
plant	AtLocation	garden
key	PartOf	door
computer	AtLocation	office
ship	AtLocation	port
steal	IsA	crime
leftover	IsA	food
rocket	AtLocation	outer space
water	CapableOf	freeze
birthday	Causes	party
painter	AtLocation	ladder
traffic jam	AtLocation	freeway
bread	PartOf	sandwich
desert	HasProperty	sweet
spy	Desires	snoop
county	AtLocation	state
cup	UsedFor	drink
sea	HasProperty	wet
hawaii	IsA	state
mug	UsedFor	tea
surf	HasPrerequisite	wave
republican	IsA	bigot
kingdom	AtLocation	monarchy
sand	IsA	soil
palm	PartOf	hand
lsd	IsA	drug
key	UsedFor	lock
tomato	ReceivesAction	squash
bison	IsA	animal
god	IsA	creator
oil	HasProperty	refine
zebra	AtLocation	africa
gecko	PartOf	animal
wolf	PartOf	animal
sand	AtLocation	hourglass
voice	AtLocation	song
gasoline	AtLocation	lawn mower
school	UsedFor	education
scene	AtLocation	movie
bread	MadeOf	grain
heat	AtLocation	fire
blackberry	IsA	berry
croissant	IsA	pastry
cover	PartOf	book
polka	IsA	dance
fox	AtLocation	forest
library	HasA	book
glass	UsedFor	see through
child	Desires	toy
coupon	AtLocation	supermarket
child	HasProperty	messy
carbon dioxide	AtLocation	air
film	UsedFor	movie
alligator	AtLocation	swamp
logic	UsedFor	reason
blanket	HasProperty	cozy
travel	HasPrerequisite	pack
word	PartOf	dictionary
intimacy	AtLocation	marriage
pencil	AtLocation	pocket
beer	HasA	alcohol
office	AtLocation	work
drink	Causes	swallow
water	AtLocation	dam
rugby	IsA	sport
gel	UsedFor	lubrication
communicate	Causes	understand
cellar	UsedFor	wine
crab	AtLocation	sea
backgammon	IsA	board game
gravestone	HasProperty	grey
ammunition	AtLocation	war
politician	AtLocation	government
mosquito	AtLocation	swamp
ocean	HasProperty	blue
urine	AtLocation	toilet
driveway	UsedFor	park
hippo	AtLocation	zoo
confetti	UsedFor	celebrate
marijuana	HasProperty	fun
eye	PartOf	head
wing	UsedFor	fly
rock	HasProperty	rigid
galaxy	PartOf	solar system
ice	HasProperty	melt
rapist	AtLocation	jail
im	UsedFor	chat
flounder	IsA	fish
apple	HasA	stem
package	AtLocation	mail
horse	UsedFor	ride
border	IsA	edge
mouse	AtLocation	cheese
rectangle	IsA	shape
handset	PartOf	telephone
bedroom	PartOf	house
bike	IsA	bicycle
light bulb	UsedFor	illumination
book	AtLocation	library
water	MadeOf	oxygen
game	CausesDesire	compete
honesty	IsA	virtue
white	IsA	color
communicate	HasSubevent	talk
juice	MadeOf	fruit
butterfly	HasProperty	beautiful
package	AtLocation	post office
floor	AtLocation	kitchen
number	UsedFor	count
dream	Causes	nightmare
pistol	UsedFor	kill
lunch	IsA	meal
magazine	HasA	article
bacon	IsA	food
chicken	AtLocation	soup
auditorium	UsedFor	performance
dynamite	IsA	explosive
dog	CapableOf	pee
space shuttle	AtLocation	orbit
north america	IsA	continent
pillow	UsedFor	sleep
orange juice	IsA	juice
screen	PartOf	television
love	IsA	heart
advertisement	AtLocation	television
terminal	AtLocation	airport
ship	AtLocation	ocean
die	HasSubevent	end
parkway	IsA	road
ice	HasProperty	frigid
silo	AtLocation	midwest
grill	IsA	cook
misery	Desires	company
paper	ReceivesAction	read
socialism	IsA	government
toner	AtLocation	copier
container	UsedFor	contain
door	AtLocation	wall
earthquake	Causes	tsunami
see	HasPrerequisite	look
space shuttle	AtLocation	cape canaveral
cake	IsA	dessert
fig	IsA	fruit
polar bear	UsedFor	snow
pumpkin	HasProperty	orange
barracuda	IsA	fish
deck	AtLocation	backyard
heater	HasProperty	warm
wood	ReceivesAction	burn
rooster	IsA	chicken
rhinoceros	IsA	mammal
homework	AtLocation	school
cream cheese	HasProperty	tasty
bathtub	PartOf	bathroom
house	HasA	kitchen
heart	CapableOf	beat
ireland	IsA	country
work	HasPrerequisite	job
cat	AtLocation	rug
veterinarian	IsA	doctor
cry	Causes	tear
sex	PartOf	procreation
number	AtLocation	calculator
club	UsedFor	dance
blue	IsA	mood
baby	Desires	suck
shower	UsedFor	wash
data	IsA	information
steel	MadeOf	iron
sunday	DefinedAs	first day of week
vessel	AtLocation	ocean
spite	UsedFor	anger
keyboard	UsedFor	type
fungus	AtLocation	toenail
cupboard	AtLocation	kitchen
spoon	IsA	utensil
fish	AtLocation	sea
flute	MadeOf	silver
tractor	HasProperty	yellow
sculpture	MadeOf	bronze
leftover	AtLocation	fridge
leopard	HasA	fur
whale	IsA	animal
water	CapableOf	spill
zombie	IsA	monster
jellyfish	AtLocation	aquarium
car	HasA	trunk
staple	AtLocation	pantry
exercise	HasPrerequisite	run
cell phone	CapableOf	ring
eyeliner	IsA	makeup
olympics	RelatedTo	medal
money	ReceivesAction	lose
car	IsA	vehicle
sugar	AtLocation	soft drink
cogitate	HasPrerequisite	think
mother	CapableOf	worry
photograph	CreatedBy	photographer
canal	AtLocation	venice
trash	AtLocation	container
truth	HasProperty	relative
fire	IsA	combustion
hospital	SymbolOf	operation
earth	HasA	gravity
wheel	UsedFor	car
cake	MadeOf	sugar
mayor	AtLocation	town hall
neuron	IsA	cell
fudge	IsA	candy
counter	UsedFor	store
car	AtLocation	driveway
kite	AtLocation	sky
coca-cola	IsA	soft drink
smoke	HasProperty	bad
glass	HasProperty	half full
money	AtLocation	bank
vessel	UsedFor	ship
procreate	UsedFor	sex
tree	MadeOf	wood
bureaucracy	AtLocation	government
storage	AtLocation	locker
town	AtLocation	country
tongue	AtLocation	mouth
wife	AtLocation	house
basin	PartOf	sink
land	AtLocation	earth
child	HasProperty	vulnerable
metal	HasProperty	malleable
bone	ReceivesAction	break
air	HasA	oxygen
emerald	IsA	stone
knob	ReceivesAction	turn
bathtub	UsedFor	bathe
clock	IsA	tick
picture	NotIsA	photograph
product	ReceivesAction	sell
stock	AtLocation	market
charcoal	AtLocation	barbecue
dust	AtLocation	attic
microwave	AtLocation	kitchen
screw	HasA	thread
teddy bear	UsedFor	cuddle
work	Causes	frustration
cat	IsA	animal
car horn	CapableOf	honk
shampoo	IsA	soap
staple	AtLocation	stapler
show	UsedFor	audience
linen	UsedFor	material
marble	IsA	ball
water	AtLocation	soda
person	HasProperty	cruel
electron	AtLocation	atom
tickle	UsedFor	play
piston	PartOf	engine
chair	AtLocation	desk
cargo	AtLocation	ship
verb	PartOf	predicate
sunshine	HasProperty	warm
laser	UsedFor	eye surgery
sprite	IsA	soda
cheesecake	IsA	cake
pelican	AtLocation	sea
axe	IsA	weapon
fruit	HasProperty	colorful
engine	PartOf	train
rifle	UsedFor	shoot
water	AtLocation	iceberg
tile	UsedFor	floor
paperwork	AtLocation	work
heifer	AtLocation	farm
pope	HasProperty	catholic
gull	AtLocation	sea
loneliness	HasProperty	bad
life	AtLocation	earth
polar bear	AtLocation	zoo
dog	IsA	wolf
clip	PartOf	gun
celebrate	UsedFor	party
television	IsA	tv
skin	MadeOf	cell
ballet	AtLocation	theater
eel	IsA	fish
classical	IsA	music
pain	HasProperty	bad
reproduce	Causes	offspring
zebra	IsA	equine
heater	AtLocation	house
decision	IsA	choice
bird	AtLocation	binoculars
ocean	HasA	salt
sneaker	IsA	shoe
poodle	IsA	dog
yarn	UsedFor	crochet
future	HasProperty	unknown
water	AtLocation	condensation
stapler	IsA	device
look	MotivatedByGoal	see
fireplace	HasProperty	hot
community	AtLocation	church
girl	IsA	female
stall	AtLocation	bathroom
salt	UsedFor	season
garage	AtLocation	car
subway	HasProperty	underground
primate	IsA	animal
plunger	CapableOf	drain
tree	AtLocation	forest
harry potter	HasProperty	fictional
anteater	IsA	mammal
castle	MadeOf	stone
rest	MotivatedByGoal	sleep
kayak	HasProperty	fun
house	MadeOf	wood
violence	AtLocation	war
carpet	AtLocation	room
eagle	IsA	predator
breathe	HasLastSubevent	exhale
feather	AtLocation	pillow
car	AtLocation	street
bird	HasA	beak
water	AtLocation	drown
win	CausesDesire	compete
mouth	UsedFor	kiss
trunk	PartOf	automobile
bride	IsA	female
azure	IsA	blue
urine	HasProperty	yellow
water	UsedFor	wash
denim	IsA	fabric
chilli	IsA	pepper
dandruff	HasProperty	white
chalk	HasProperty	white
shuffle	IsA	dance
toe	AtLocation	foot
doll	HasProperty	fun
tongue	CapableOf	lick
tar	HasProperty	sticky
hay	AtLocation	barn
mat	AtLocation	carpet
lose	PartOf	game
woodwind	IsA	wind instrument
hand	IsA	appendage
fraud	IsA	deception
knife	AtLocation	pocket
wolf	IsA	animal
index	PartOf	book
booze	IsA	alcohol
snow	UsedFor	shovel
apple juice	IsA	liquid
person	HasProperty	creative
yolk	PartOf	egg
airplane	AtLocation	sky
pit	IsA	seed
catfish	AtLocation	river
car	CapableOf	rust
crosswalk	AtLocation	street
bamboo	IsA	plant
tornado	HasProperty	destructive
spring	IsA	coil
plate	AtLocation	table
baby	AtLocation	womb
coral	AtLocation	ocean
beer	MadeOf	malt
life	ReceivesAction	good
patient	IsA	person
kelp	AtLocation	water
belief	AtLocation	church
ten	IsA	number
garbage	AtLocation	trash
love	IsA	emotion
amphibian	IsA	animal
car	InheritsFrom	bicycle
venus	IsA	planet
neighbor	AtLocation	neighborhood
engine	PartOf	car
talk	HasPrerequisite	mouth
skull	PartOf	skeleton
crown	UsedFor	royalty
brother	IsA	relative
hair	IsA	fur
cushion	PartOf	couch
wet	AtLocation	water
muslim	AtLocation	mosque
doe	IsA	female deer
bicycle	HasProperty	fun
wrench	IsA	lever
doctor	UsedFor	heal
shingle	AtLocation	roof
patience	IsA	virtue
lubrication	MadeOf	oil
change	AtLocation	purse
procreate	HasSubevent	sex
sign	UsedFor	direction
watermelon	IsA	fruit
teaspoon	UsedFor	measure
chocolate	IsA	sweet
baboon	IsA	mammal
rat	AtLocation	maze
sand	MadeOf	grain
cheetah	IsA	cat
salt	IsA	mineral
win	CausesDesire	celebrate
milk	AtLocation	refrigerator
gas	UsedFor	burp
cook	HasPrerequisite	utensil
onion	HasA	skin
illusion	PartOf	magic
computer	UsedFor	compute
sleep	UsedFor	relax
house	HasProperty	white
alcohol	IsA	liquid
lock	PartOf	door
dish	ReceivesAction	wash
down	IsA	direction
pen	HasA	ink
barbecue	AtLocation	backyard
root	PartOf	plant
water	AtLocation	fish tank
couple	AtLocation	wed
drink	AtLocation	can
king	RelatedTo	prince
california	IsA	state
column	HasProperty	straight
airplane	UsedFor	fly
university	IsA	institution
fungus	AtLocation	forest
dog	IsA	mammal
nut	PartOf	bolt
lion	PartOf	animal
grape	AtLocation	bunch
prison	AtLocation	alcatraz
triangle	MadeOf	metal
revolver	AtLocation	holster
lie	Causes	guilt
paper	ReceivesAction	recycle
microscope	AtLocation	laboratory
brazil	InstanceOf	country
class	PartOf	school
level	IsA	tool
pluto	AtLocation	space
collect	IsA	hobby
car	HasA	engine
string	AtLocation	guitar
train	UsedFor	drive
knife	AtLocation	plate
word	AtLocation	book
boat	HasA	sail
rest	HasSubevent	sleep
terrorist	HasProperty	fear
sandwich	IsA	meal
internet	UsedFor	fun
beer	IsA	beverage
stool	IsA	seat
cat	InheritsFrom	dog
check	UsedFor	pay
sex	Causes	orgasm
tooth	HasProperty	sharp
britain	HasA	monarchy
chair	RelatedTo	table
moon	AtLocation	sky
plant	IsA	organism
fedora	IsA	hat
cook	HasSubevent	chop
whip	UsedFor	hit
lake	UsedFor	swim
knit	Causes	scarf
statue	AtLocation	museum
celebrate	HasPrerequisite	happiness
cupola	DefinedAs	dome
kiwi	IsA	bird
platypus	AtLocation	australia
president	IsA	leader
nut	UsedFor	bolt
bread	IsA	pastry
rock	AtLocation	mountain
god	AtLocation	church
handle	UsedFor	pull
card	MadeOf	paper
hardcover	IsA	book
republican	HasProperty	right-wing
ball	CapableOf	bounce
cat	HasProperty	wild
sandal	IsA	shoe
song	IsA	music
nun	AtLocation	church
cashier	AtLocation	market
button	AtLocation	mouse
adult	CapableOf	work
run	HasProperty	walk
family	IsA	relationship
movie star	AtLocation	hollywood
sloth	IsA	mammal
preacher	CapableOf	preach
pig	AtLocation	pen
microwave	IsA	appliance
pudding	MadeOf	milk
carp	IsA	fish
zebra	IsA	animal
person	AtLocation	cashier
arab	IsA	language
clinton	IsA	president
kiwi	IsA	fruit
needle	HasProperty	sharp
canoe	IsA	boat
cornea	PartOf	eyeball
cardinal	IsA	bishop
lead	PartOf	pencil
soda	HasProperty	sweet
can	ReceivesAction	recycle
love	HasProperty	blind
japan	IsA	country
road	UsedFor	traveler
garden	PartOf	house
overflow	UsedFor	flood
aeroplane	HasProperty	fly
universe	HasProperty	endless
comb	HasA	tooth
bathtub	AtLocation	bathroom
seaweed	IsA	plant
air	AtLocation	lung
hawk	IsA	bird
war	IsA	fight
toast	MadeOf	bread
porn	AtLocation	internet
catholic	IsA	christianity
president	IsA	politician
lie	UsedFor	manipulation
boy	IsA	child
watch	MadeOf	gold
computer	HasPrerequisite	electricity
criminal	AtLocation	prison
office	HasA	window
car	IsA	machine
computer	UsedFor	work
bagel	ReceivesAction	toast
water	HasProperty	blue
white	SymbolOf	purity
ice	CapableOf	chill
beaker	AtLocation	laboratory
month	PartOf	year
lake	UsedFor	boat
sitcom	IsA	tv show
bird	HasProperty	fly
knife	HasProperty	dangerous
crustacean	AtLocation	ocean
jean	IsA	pant
plate	MadeOf	glass
teacher	Desires	attention
hallway	AtLocation	house
coffee	AtLocation	mug
fish	AtLocation	boat
trumpet	IsA	musical instrument
fatigue	CausesDesire	rest
talk	HasSubevent	stutter
nebula	AtLocation	space
eye	UsedFor	watch
lint	AtLocation	pocket
mastercard	IsA	credit card
woodworking	IsA	hobby
medicine	AtLocation	hospital
oven	UsedFor	cook
cleric	AtLocation	church
run	HasProperty	fast
monkey	AtLocation	jungle
penguin	IsA	bird
boat	InheritsFrom	submarine
firework	CapableOf	boom
memorize	HasPrerequisite	repeat
indonesia	IsA	archipelago
counter	AtLocation	kitchen
taxi	AtLocation	city
parchment	IsA	paper
oyster	AtLocation	ocean
hindu	AtLocation	india
san francisco	IsA	city
encyclopedia	HasProperty	heavy
coal	IsA	carbon
animal	AtLocation	wild
knife	UsedFor	kill
shoelace	PartOf	shoe
rubber	HasProperty	pliable
cpu	AtLocation	computer
drink	IsA	liquid
fall	HasSubevent	land
death	HasProperty	inevitable
tire	PartOf	car
book	AtLocation	reader
helium	AtLocation	sun
eye	HasA	lens
lamp	AtLocation	street
zero	IsA	number
voice	UsedFor	sing
wheelchair	UsedFor	mobility
scissor	UsedFor	cut
horse	AtLocation	stall
cat	HasA	tail
live	HasSubevent	breathe
work	AtLocation	office
urinate	HasPrerequisite	bladder
accordion	IsA	musical instrument
refuse	UsedFor	landfill
swing	AtLocation	playground
floor	HasProperty	carpet
election	UsedFor	choose
bomber	IsA	aircraft
book	UsedFor	study
twister	IsA	tornado
computer	IsA	tool
dog	HasA	bone
cardinal	IsA	bird
mockingbird	IsA	bird
plane	UsedFor	travel
liquid	AtLocation	cup
sock	AtLocation	drawer
write	UsedFor	communicate
think	UsedFor	learn
stress	Causes	fatigue
devil	AtLocation	detail
ice cube	AtLocation	freezer
justice	HasProperty	blind
lamb	IsA	meat
mansion	IsA	home
lawn	AtLocation	backyard
scarf	HasProperty	warm
sailboat	HasProperty	fun
blood	AtLocation	body
injury	AtLocation	hospital
peak	AtLocation	mountain
trash	ReceivesAction	recycle
restaurant	UsedFor	eat
oz	AtLocation	rainbow
chalk	AtLocation	classroom
horse	ReceivesAction	ride
chipmunk	IsA	mammal
finger	AtLocation	hand
pan	UsedFor	cook
bookcase	HasA	book
orgasm	HasProperty	good
frog	IsA	animal
chemist	AtLocation	lab
holiday	HasProperty	fun
refuse	AtLocation	dump
yours	AtLocation	you
yen	IsA	currency
spear	UsedFor	hunt
finger	AtLocation	glove
sleep	MotivatedByGoal	dream
granite	IsA	stone
seaweed	AtLocation	water
duck	NotHasProperty	yellow
plant	HasA	root
egg	CreatedBy	chicken
basketball	HasProperty	fun
canoe	IsA	wood
optimism	HasProperty	good
water	UsedFor	drink
mental health	IsA	health
satan	IsA	demon
cake	ReceivesAction	cook
trip	HasSubevent	fall
quill	UsedFor	write
bomb	AtLocation	war
zucchini	IsA	squash
soap	UsedFor	clean
ribbon	HasProperty	yellow
bed	AtLocation	room
pornography	AtLocation	internet
pen	UsedFor	draw
chapel	UsedFor	marry
cheese	AtLocation	pizza
wall	PartOf	house
sunset	HasProperty	pretty
rose	HasProperty	romantic
time	ReceivesAction	buy
glass	PartOf	window
avenue	IsA	way
office	UsedFor	work
half	PartOf	whole
mast	AtLocation	ship
water	AtLocation	pee
oak	IsA	tree
you	CapableOf	help
submarine	IsA	surface
gamble	AtLocation	casino
magazine	MadeOf	paper
saw	CapableOf	cut
food	AtLocation	stomach
mask	IsA	disguise
banjo	HasA	string
lens	PartOf	camera
strawberry	IsA	ice cream
walk	HasPrerequisite	stand up
graphite	AtLocation	pencil
colon	PartOf	organ
telescope	UsedFor	see
celebrate	Causes	party
soil	AtLocation	garden
beach	HasProperty	sandy
cheater	CapableOf	prosper
chain	HasA	link
milk	AtLocation	carton
sleep	Causes	nightmare
parrot	IsA	bird
piece	AtLocation	puzzle
earth	IsA	planet
kitten	AtLocation	litter
bird	HasProperty	sing
man	Desires	woman
beaver	AtLocation	lodge
vanilla	IsA	ice cream
silverware	MadeOf	metal
penguin	PartOf	animal
slipper	AtLocation	bedroom
snow	HasProperty	slippery
house	HasProperty	expensive
flower	AtLocation	garden
nylon	AtLocation	rope
foyer	PartOf	house
oxygen	IsA	molecule
secretary	HasA	boss
audience	AtLocation	theatre
ram	PartOf	computer
cat	HasA	hair
lobster	AtLocation	ocean
program	AtLocation	computer
actor	AtLocation	television
corn	UsedFor	bread
metal	HasProperty	cold
drawer	IsA	storage
machine	HasProperty	hard
book	CausesDesire	learn
bagel	IsA	donut
mug	UsedFor	coffee
woman	Desires	lover
paint	UsedFor	artist
king	AtLocation	court
kitchen	HasA	stove
this	IsA	object
sun	UsedFor	life
skin	CapableOf	burn
girl	IsA	woman
projectile	AtLocation	weapon
library	UsedFor	research
water	AtLocation	suds
slow down	HasSubevent	take it easy
moss	IsA	plant
compete	HasPrerequisite	train
flag	AtLocation	pole
park	IsA	place
jean	HasProperty	blue
food	HasProperty	edible
carbon dioxide	IsA	greenhouse gas
sunlight	IsA	energy
law	UsedFor	lawyer
ski	HasPrerequisite	pole
stop	AtLocation	telegraph
pink	IsA	color
computer	IsA	machine
cheek	PartOf	face
branch	PartOf	tree
breathe	MotivatedByGoal	air
family	HasA	child
niece	AtLocation	family
human	CapableOf	love
season	PartOf	year
fire	HasProperty	dangerous
prune	MadeOf	plum
pit	AtLocation	peach
food	MadeOf	meat
satin	IsA	fabric
artifact	AtLocation	museum
pistol	IsA	weapon
cd	HasProperty	shiny
sun	AtLocation	universe
snow	SymbolOf	winter
sailboat	HasA	mast
banana	HasProperty	yellow
fart	HasPrerequisite	butt
universe	HasProperty	immense
actor	IsA	person
ax	HasProperty	sharp
bird	CapableOf	fly
travel	Causes	fun
christmas	PartOf	december
thunder	HasProperty	loud
zit	IsA	pimple
mormon	IsA	christian
pigskin	DefinedAs	football
book	HasA	chapter
artery	AtLocation	body
sausage	UsedFor	food
airplane	CapableOf	flight
baseball	IsA	game
coal	UsedFor	energy
silk	AtLocation	parachute
life	HasProperty	good
sickness	Causes	suffer
date	HasSubevent	flirt
computer	CapableOf	crash
tractor	IsA	vehicle
sponge	AtLocation	bath
food	IsA	substance
submarine	InheritsFrom	boat
chair	AtLocation	porch
globe	IsA	ball
study	HasSubevent	enlightenment
tire	CausesDesire	sleep
horse	IsA	herbivore
sick	AtLocation	bed
pan	UsedFor	fry
star	AtLocation	universe
hospital	SymbolOf	patient
yard	UsedFor	measure
knowledge	IsA	power
run	HasPrerequisite	leg
notebook	UsedFor	study
crab	AtLocation	ocean
water	AtLocation	underground
funeral	HasSubevent	mourn
resin	AtLocation	tree
mammoth	HasProperty	extinct
experiment	AtLocation	laboratory
space shuttle	CapableOf	fly
neighbour	AtLocation	door
shark	RelatedTo	jaw
tooth	PartOf	mouth
frame	PartOf	picture
violet	IsA	flower
cardboard	IsA	paper
soul	AtLocation	person
stair	ReceivesAction	climb
moon	IsA	planet
classroom	AtLocation	school
hedgehog	IsA	mammal
muscle	IsA	meat
credit card	UsedFor	shop
diamond	IsA	forever
beer	AtLocation	brewery
run	MotivatedByGoal	move
giraffe	AtLocation	africa
trust	MadeOf	honesty
goldfish	IsA	carp
crab	AtLocation	beach
fire	AtLocation	forest
soprano	IsA	woman
book	UsedFor	read
gum	UsedFor	chew
bread	IsA	food
scalpel	UsedFor	cut
horse	Desires	carrot
fence	IsA	border
uncle	HasProperty	male
punch	IsA	attack
denim	UsedFor	jean
movie star	AtLocation	movie
possum	AtLocation	road
pheasant	IsA	bird
leather	UsedFor	shoe
climb	UsedFor	go up
person	DefinedAs	human
desk	UsedFor	study
cigarette	AtLocation	ashtray
iguana	IsA	reptile
heart	HasProperty	red
coffee	SymbolOf	caffeine
equation	ReceivesAction	solve
baseball	UsedFor	pitch
water	AtLocation	cactus
dashboard	AtLocation	car
creature	AtLocation	black lagoon
learn	MotivatedByGoal	know
black	SymbolOf	death
object	HasProperty	solid
corn	HasA	husk
diamond	HasProperty	rare
teaspoon	IsA	spoon
smoke	HasSubevent	inhale
marble	AtLocation	game
cereal	AtLocation	pantry
friend	UsedFor	companionship
dinner	AtLocation	table
pain	IsA	symptom
rapier	IsA	sword
antenna	AtLocation	roof
clerk	AtLocation	post office
sweat	SymbolOf	hard work
astrology	NotIsA	science
soccer	ReceivesAction	play
horn	IsA	wind instrument
chef	AtLocation	kitchen
river	AtLocation	valley
shoe	UsedFor	run
llama	IsA	animal
cat	HasA	whisker
advert	AtLocation	magazine
fortune	AtLocation	cookie
curry	IsA	spice
soldier	AtLocation	battlefield
child	HasProperty	innocent
coke	IsA	beverage
cat	HasA	fur
screen	PartOf	monitor
flute	IsA	woodwind
data	AtLocation	database
rule	ReceivesAction	follow
marble	IsA	sphere
squirrel	AtLocation	tree
tickle	HasSubevent	laughter
change	HasPrerequisite	difference
time	UsedFor	wait
row	IsA	fight
spain	PartOf	europe
elm	IsA	tree
organ	IsA	body part
supermarket	UsedFor	shop
leaf	UsedFor	photosynthesis
ocean	CausesDesire	surf
man	CapableOf	murder
car	UsedFor	drive
whale	CapableOf	swim
light bulb	IsA	invention
butter	MadeOf	milk
friend	Desires	talk
rain	AtLocation	forest
theory	ReceivesAction	debunk
chicken	AtLocation	egg
marijuana	HasProperty	green
shower	UsedFor	bathe
meat	IsA	flesh
button	PartOf	shirt
yolk	AtLocation	egg
organ	IsA	instrument
notepad	UsedFor	doodle
groundhog	IsA	animal
love	AtLocation	family
sex	Causes	sweat
diver	AtLocation	water
patron	AtLocation	library
button	HasProperty	round
caffeine	HasProperty	addictive
warmth	HasProperty	comfort
pickle	AtLocation	hamburger
beaver	IsA	mammal
toy	AtLocation	store
pencil	UsedFor	doodle
plutonium	HasProperty	radioactive
poetry	CapableOf	rhyme
rose	NotHasProperty	red
bathe	HasPrerequisite	bathtub
ship	HasA	mast
language	ReceivesAction	speak
bird	CapableOf	flight
child	Desires	love
computer	AtLocation	desk
meal	AtLocation	plate
ribbon	HasProperty	red
c	PartOf	alphabet
exhaustion	CausesDesire	sleep
bag	MadeOf	plastic
desk	UsedFor	work
screen	AtLocation	monitor
bullet	UsedFor	murder
skin	AtLocation	body
flame	HasProperty	hot
connection	AtLocation	circuit
flute	AtLocation	orchestra
milk	IsA	beverage
leg	PartOf	foot
caribou	IsA	mammal
garbage	AtLocation	can
dog	NotCapableOf	speak
spider	IsA	arachnid
liver	PartOf	body
cookie	AtLocation	dessert
live	HasPrerequisite	breathe
sound	CreatedBy	vibration
curtain	UsedFor	privacy
performer	AtLocation	theater
website	AtLocation	internet
cow	AtLocation	ranch
learn	HasPrerequisite	read
ruby	HasProperty	red
judaism	IsA	religion
anger	IsA	emotion
nail	MadeOf	steel
anime	IsA	cartoon
fish	AtLocation	pond
entrance	UsedFor	enter
pot	UsedFor	stir
woman	HasA	breast
forest	AtLocation	countryside
wind	IsA	energy
breathe	Causes	life
hamster	IsA	mammal
sky	HasProperty	dark
ball	HasProperty	round
carpet	AtLocation	bedroom
cake	IsA	desert
shark	AtLocation	fish tank
star of david	SymbolOf	judaism
drink	Causes	intoxication
study	HasPrerequisite	motivation
chat	Causes	converse
egg	HasProperty	good
ice cream	IsA	desert
voice	AtLocation	choir
cuba	IsA	country
commercial	AtLocation	television
drink	HasProperty	fluid
paper	AtLocation	notebook
textile	AtLocation	factory
cat	HasProperty	furry
horse	HasProperty	majestic
clay	MadeOf	soil
chorus	CapableOf	sing
tile	AtLocation	floor
liquid	HasProperty	fluid
jog	UsedFor	exercise
dice	AtLocation	board game
africa	IsA	continent
cocaine	IsA	drug
cage	AtLocation	zoo
folder	UsedFor	file
whiskey	IsA	liquor
mast	UsedFor	ship
soda	IsA	drink
car	CapableOf	speed up
sentence	PartOf	paragraph
tree	UsedFor	paper
honey	AtLocation	jar
ski	IsA	sport
book	HasA	information
nail	PartOf	finger
bulb	AtLocation	lamp
fish	HasA	fin
battle	UsedFor	fight
thumb	IsA	finger
tree	UsedFor	climb
guilt	PartOf	crime
disease	HasProperty	contagious
type	Causes	text
heart	PartOf	organ
chain	AtLocation	dungeon
challenge	CausesDesire	compete
bisexual	IsA	sexuality
water	AtLocation	bath
read	IsA	learn
rifle	UsedFor	hunt
food	HasProperty	unhealthy
plant	DesireOf	water
purse	AtLocation	money
cougar	IsA	cat
gardener	AtLocation	garden
bus	AtLocation	city
highway	UsedFor	travel
energy	AtLocation	food
professor	AtLocation	college
quill	IsA	feather
joke	Causes	laughter
south africa	IsA	country
trash	IsA	waste
pin	IsA	fastener
thumb	IsA	opposable
queen	AtLocation	beehive
wood	HasProperty	solid
jellyfish	AtLocation	water
schizophrenia	IsA	disease
diamond	MadeOf	carbon
dolphin	AtLocation	water
god	HasProperty	spiritual
group	IsA	set
uranium	UsedFor	nuclear power
rook	IsA	bird
kitten	HasProperty	adorable
chalkboard	AtLocation	school
box	MadeOf	cardboard
cloth	HasProperty	weave
hospital	UsedFor	emergency
essay	IsA	text
landlord	AtLocation	apartment
school	HasProperty	fun
peanut butter	IsA	food
bed	AtLocation	loft
hand	PartOf	arm
carbon	IsA	element
basement	ReceivesAction	flood
fairy tale	RelatedTo	cinderella
rumba	IsA	dance
story	UsedFor	tell
water	HasProperty	fluid
tool	IsA	instrument
toilet	UsedFor	urinate
death	HasProperty	tragic
t-shirt	UsedFor	wear
diabetes	IsA	disease
water	IsA	liquid
cake	HasProperty	sweet
lawn	AtLocation	yard
librarian	AtLocation	library
daughter	PartOf	family
pub	UsedFor	drink
cushion	UsedFor	comfort
car	AtLocation	town
soup	MadeOf	water
witch	HasProperty	pagan
world	IsA	reality
river	MadeOf	water
men	HasA	penis
minister	UsedFor	preach
necklace	IsA	jewelry
book	UsedFor	information
hindu	AtLocation	temple
kiss	UsedFor	lover
spirit	AtLocation	medium
information	IsA	data
tea	AtLocation	cupboard
monitor	PartOf	computer
weasel	HasProperty	sneaky
firework	IsA	explosive
wheel	PartOf	vehicle
hockey	HasProperty	ice
shop	HasSubevent	purchase
bus	IsA	car
bed	UsedFor	dream
pepper	HasProperty	spicy
snow	HasProperty	cold
fire	HasPrerequisite	fuel
note	AtLocation	notebook
malaria	IsA	disease
seesaw	AtLocation	playground
pistol	UsedFor	shoot
swim	HasSubevent	dive
tweed	IsA	cloth
game	HasProperty	fun
man	AtLocation	suit
employee	PartOf	company
vent	AtLocation	roof
shipwreck	AtLocation	water
insurance	HasProperty	expensive
lie	HasProperty	bad
cloud	PartOf	weather
dog	CapableOf	eat
cactus	AtLocation	desert
red	HasProperty	color
study	HasSubevent	memorize
cream cheese	IsA	fat
balloon	AtLocation	sky
sand	AtLocation	beach
dog	HasProperty	nice
stain	AtLocation	carpet
duck	HasA	bill
perform	HasSubevent	music
gas	DefinedAs	gasoline
room	IsA	interior
novel	AtLocation	bookstore
study	HasPrerequisite	concentration
number	AtLocation	calculation
smoke	CreatedBy	fire
trampoline	UsedFor	exercise
water	AtLocation	waterfall
lobster	IsA	food
sculpture	AtLocation	museum
sprite	IsA	soft drink
dog	NotDesires	flea
injury	CapableOf	hurt
sunset	HasProperty	colorful
towel	AtLocation	kitchen
fruit	UsedFor	eat
coffee	HasProperty	addictive
falcon	IsA	bird
lightning	Causes	thunder
hockey	HasProperty	violent
equality	HasProperty	good
flight attendant	AtLocation	plane
bureaucrat	UsedFor	bureaucracy
ladybug	IsA	insect
gazelle	IsA	animal
pulpit	UsedFor	preacher
london	PartOf	england
problem	HasProperty	bad
milky way	AtLocation	space
space shuttle	AtLocation	outer space
jellyfish	AtLocation	ocean
badminton	IsA	sport
exercise	UsedFor	fun
word	PartOf	language
beetle	IsA	insect
earth	HasProperty	spherical
chimpanzee	IsA	mammal
crack	IsA	cocaine
cartoon	IsA	draw
bowl	HasProperty	round
ball	AtLocation	playground
gecko	IsA	reptile
water	AtLocation	soup
cello	IsA	instrument
window	AtLocation	store
student	CapableOf	work
talk	UsedFor	speech
yo-yo	HasProperty	fun
raccoon	IsA	mammal
goldfish	CapableOf	die
sky	AtLocation	outdoors
bedroom	AtLocation	house
trunk	PartOf	tree
pan	AtLocation	oven
ammunition	AtLocation	gun
christian	CapableOf	repent
friend	CausesDesire	socialize
job	Causes	stress
baboon	IsA	primate
penis	AtLocation	vagina
government	NotDesires	revolution
flask	IsA	container
diamond	HasProperty	clear
pew	IsA	bench
relax	Causes	relaxation
love	UsedFor	give
playground	PartOf	school
world	HasProperty	round
cardinal	IsA	number
crosswalk	AtLocation	intersection
room	AtLocation	office
village	IsA	town
pencil	CapableOf	write
company	Desires	profit
body	HasA	tissue
house	HasA	room
human	IsA	animal
potato	IsA	legume
music	HasProperty	sound
cup	AtLocation	drink
apple	HasProperty	delicious
girl	Desires	talk
radiation	HasProperty	bad
drawer	UsedFor	storage
space	HasProperty	limitless
sky	HasProperty	vast
minister	PartOf	cabinet
body	HasA	organ
gun	IsA	weapon
canary	IsA	bird
walk	Causes	move
solar	IsA	energy
land	AtLocation	country
drunk	CapableOf	throw up
neighbor	AtLocation	door
coffee	MadeOf	bean
whale	AtLocation	ocean
hair	AtLocation	brush
marijuana	IsA	drug
cupcake	IsA	dessert
tentacle	IsA	appendage
filament	PartOf	light bulb
river	AtLocation	waterfall
glass	MadeOf	sand
hunt	HasProperty	kill
radiator	AtLocation	car
walk	HasPrerequisite	stand
map	UsedFor	locate
russia	PartOf	europe
triangle	AtLocation	trigonometry
vinegar	MadeOf	wine
food	AtLocation	freezer
clarinet	IsA	musical instrument
radiator	PartOf	car
eye	PartOf	face
dirt	AtLocation	carpet
wax	AtLocation	floor
gull	IsA	bird
cash register	AtLocation	supermarket
burglar	IsA	thief
alien	AtLocation	space
nature	HasProperty	serene
paint	CreatedBy	artist
worm	AtLocation	earth
ball	UsedFor	kick
ink	UsedFor	mark
bed	HasProperty	comfortable
research	HasPrerequisite	time
house	PartOf	street
fart	Causes	stink
light bulb	AtLocation	lamp
antiseptic	IsA	medicine
learn	LocationOfAction	school
saw	UsedFor	cut
bike	AtLocation	street
eggplant	HasProperty	purple
clay	UsedFor	sculpt
mongoose	IsA	mammal
mildew	AtLocation	basement
beagle	IsA	dog
shamrock	HasProperty	green
book	AtLocation	bookcase
bucket	IsA	container
stamen	PartOf	flower
concert	IsA	show
firefly	IsA	insect
interior	HasProperty	inside
viola	IsA	musical instrument
work	NotHasProperty	do
play	AtLocation	theatre
column	UsedFor	support
sunday	IsA	day of rest
creature	AtLocation	forest
burrow	HasProperty	underground
sausage	AtLocation	pizza
hope	AtLocation	despair
garlic	IsA	ingredient
book	HasA	spine
hamster	IsA	rodent
ink	AtLocation	printer
letter	UsedFor	communicate
art	AtLocation	museum
mexico	IsA	country
old person	HasA	white hair
space	IsA	vacuum
hairdryer	AtLocation	bathroom
water	AtLocation	dip
animal	IsA	organism
basketball	PartOf	game
possibility	HasProperty	endless
bottle	MadeOf	glass
kangaroo	IsA	animal
psychiatrist	UsedFor	depression
room	AtLocation	school
lizard	HasA	tail
eye	HasProperty	brown
hike	IsA	exercise
diamond	HasProperty	valuable
bridge	IsA	structure
granite	HasProperty	hard
keyboard	RelatedTo	mouse
strawberry	InstanceOf	fruit
water	ReceivesAction	freeze
glitter	UsedFor	craft
bmw	IsA	car
toothbrush	AtLocation	mouth
bread	HasA	yeast
television	RelatedTo	fun
liquid	AtLocation	container
giraffe	IsA	mammal
question	Desires	answer
well	HasA	water
steak	ReceivesAction	broil
insulation	AtLocation	attic
smile	PartOf	service
rooster	HasA	comb
sex	UsedFor	recreation
shark	IsA	fish
giraffe	HasA	long neck
thirst	Causes	dehydration
satan	CreatedBy	god
prostitute	UsedFor	sex
car	NotIsA	toy
nucleus	AtLocation	atom
rain	Causes	flood
temple	UsedFor	pray
bassoon	AtLocation	orchestra
black hole	AtLocation	space
dancer	CapableOf	dance
sinner	AtLocation	confession
temple	UsedFor	worship
drug	IsA	chemical
biography	IsA	book
listen	UsedFor	communicate
wine	IsA	alcohol
celebrate	HasPrerequisite	party
music	IsA	sound
black	IsA	colour
seagull	IsA	bird
nose	UsedFor	pick
wrestler	IsA	fighter
lizard	IsA	animal
shark	AtLocation	water
america	IsA	democracy
birthday	HasProperty	fun
horn	UsedFor	toot
plane	AtLocation	sky
bird	IsA	mammal
muscle	AtLocation	arm
paper towel	UsedFor	clean
bullet	AtLocation	magazine
hostility	HasProperty	aggression
company	Desires	employee
cream	AtLocation	coffee
celebrate	Causes	joy
love	AtLocation	marriage
carpet	UsedFor	floor
iron	IsA	element
bird	HasA	feather
aisle	AtLocation	church
lens	AtLocation	camera
crocodile	IsA	reptile
student	NotDesires	exam
sleep	HasSubevent	breathe
duck	AtLocation	bathtub
animal	CapableOf	live
banjo	AtLocation	band
ticket	AtLocation	movie
lover	AtLocation	bed
tomato	AtLocation	pizza
disease	AtLocation	hospital
window	HasA	frame
beer	IsA	alcohol
fbi	HasProperty	federal bureau of investigation
money	UsedFor	rich
peanut butter	HasProperty	sticky
soot	HasProperty	black
money	AtLocation	supermarket
human	HasA	brain
photo	CreatedBy	camera
government	AtLocation	democracy
ball	UsedFor	throw
rope	UsedFor	climb
bikini	IsA	swimsuit
tuba	AtLocation	orchestra
newspaper	IsA	media
tornado	HasProperty	scary
finger	IsA	digit
slinky	MadeOf	spring
coffee	HasProperty	hot
handle	PartOf	pot
comedy	HasProperty	funny
glass	AtLocation	cabinet
towel	AtLocation	bathroom
adult	IsA	person
mozart	IsA	composer
window	AtLocation	wall
trout	UsedFor	eat
bathroom	UsedFor	pee
kitchen	AtLocation	knife
information	AtLocation	newspaper
bird	NotCapableOf	migrate
bat	IsA	mammal
eat	HasLastSubevent	burp
tango	IsA	dance
fruit	AtLocation	basket
erection	HasPrerequisite	penis
president	AtLocation	government
sheep	UsedFor	shear
knife	UsedFor	stab
nose	AtLocation	mouth
yellow	IsA	color
ledger	IsA	book
america	HasA	president
woman	NotHasA	penis
employee	AtLocation	office
common sense	IsA	nonsense
penguin	SymbolOf	linux
potato	AtLocation	ireland
pub	UsedFor	socialize
soccer	IsA	sport
root	AtLocation	tree
mascara	IsA	makeup
screen	IsA	computer
roll	AtLocation	dinner
pig	ReceivesAction	eat
basil	IsA	herb
breathe	HasPrerequisite	air
seaside	PartOf	ocean
genocide	IsA	crime
bottle	IsA	container
moisture	Causes	dampness
music	AtLocation	opera
change	AtLocation	pocket
winter	HasProperty	cold
fresh air	AtLocation	countryside
telephone	UsedFor	work
squirrel	IsA	mammal
we	IsA	all
receiver	PartOf	telephone
heel	IsA	shoe
wristwatch	IsA	watch
boat	UsedFor	sail
maid	AtLocation	hotel
oxygen	PartOf	water
pin	HasA	point
water	AtLocation	tear
ferret	IsA	animal
toothpaste	AtLocation	tube
person	Desires	moral
cornbread	IsA	food
money	AtLocation	vault
music	MadeOf	sound
car	HasProperty	expensive
monster	AtLocation	closet
ad	AtLocation	newspaper
tooth	HasProperty	white
walk	IsA	exercise
cat	AtLocation	lap
mitten	IsA	glove
mail	MadeOf	paper
mother	AtLocation	family
mustard	HasProperty	spicy
life	AtLocation	forest
baseball	IsA	ball
whisker	PartOf	cat
meditation	UsedFor	relaxation
pill	IsA	drug
bomb	AtLocation	bomber
darkness	HasProperty	scary
student	Desires	learn
freezer	IsA	appliance
england	HasA	queen
skate	Causes	fall
study	Causes	learn
disease	NotHasProperty	contagious
dial	PartOf	clock
industry	AtLocation	factory
classroom	UsedFor	education
nylon	UsedFor	hose
tree	AtLocation	backyard
toothbrush	AtLocation	dentist
egypt	IsA	country
cake	AtLocation	oven
eat	HasSubevent	bite
barbecue	UsedFor	dinner
train	HasProperty	long
water	HasProperty	cool
christian	AtLocation	church
travel	HasProperty	fun
shelf	PartOf	bookcase
exercise	HasPrerequisite	stretch
exercise	Causes	health
volleyball	AtLocation	beach
breathe	HasSubevent	inhale
mother	UsedFor	love
destroyer	CapableOf	destroy
container	AtLocation	cabinet
airplane	IsA	machine
cow	AtLocation	farm
yolk	HasProperty	yellow
intercourse	HasProperty	fun
partridge	IsA	bird
fungus	AtLocation	wood
banana	IsA	fruit
hour	PartOf	day
sausage	IsA	food
grandmother	PartOf	family
bicycle	IsA	vehicle
table	AtLocation	kitchen
shell	AtLocation	shore
gentleman	HasProperty	courteous
motorway	UsedFor	drive
item	AtLocation	store
thing	IsA	object
study	HasFirstSubevent	read
button	ReceivesAction	push
zebra	HasA	stripe
tooth	UsedFor	chew
sweden	PartOf	scandinavia
subway	AtLocation	underground
time	HasProperty	now
carpet	AtLocation	floor
air	HasA	pressure
hotdog	IsA	food
date	AtLocation	calendar
goldfish	IsA	fish
elephant	AtLocation	zoo
movie	HasProperty	fictional
space	HasProperty	infinite
shed	AtLocation	backyard
calcium	IsA	element
floor	MadeOf	concrete
pea	AtLocation	pod
print	AtLocation	paper
nature	HasProperty	beautiful
field	AtLocation	meadow
water	AtLocation	drip
arm	PartOf	body
department	PartOf	university
basin	HasA	water
time	IsA	measurement
demon	AtLocation	hell
apple	NotHasProperty	red
heart attack	Causes	die
aircraft	AtLocation	sky
library	UsedFor	read
father	Desires	son
pilot	AtLocation	airplane
lead	IsA	metal
science fiction	IsA	genre
star trek	IsA	tv show
train	AtLocation	station
rose	IsA	plant
anecdote	AtLocation	story
soap	AtLocation	shower
teach	Causes	learn
food	AtLocation	restaurant
bleach	UsedFor	whiten
lie	UsedFor	rest
weapon	AtLocation	war
liquid	HasProperty	clear
salad	HasPrerequisite	lettuce
fish	IsA	pet
bomb	IsA	terrorism
astronaut	AtLocation	space shuttle
textbook	IsA	book
attribute	IsA	property
house	IsA	shelter
citizen	AtLocation	country
fish	AtLocation	market
cracker	IsA	food
room	AtLocation	motel
stove	HasProperty	hot
orange	HasA	rind
ink	UsedFor	draw
spit	Causes	disgust
heel	PartOf	foot
swim	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
unknown	HasProperty	mysterious
worm	IsA	animal
loft	AtLocation	city
magazine	AtLocation	rack
bath	AtLocation	bathroom
dog	IsA	canine
justice	NotHasProperty	equal
company	Desires	money
finch	CapableOf	fly
carpet	DefinedAs	rug
tongue	PartOf	mouth
moon	NotMadeOf	cheese
cake	UsedFor	celebrate
slate	AtLocation	roof
cat	HasA	paw
matter	MadeOf	particle
cat	CapableOf	fight
light	UsedFor	energy
bread	AtLocation	pantry
judge	AtLocation	trial
drawer	AtLocation	desk
stove	AtLocation	kitchen
stone	ReceivesAction	throw
funeral	HasProperty	sad
foot	PartOf	body
leader	UsedFor	lead
learn	Causes	knowledge
morning	PartOf	day
ireland	IsA	island
volleyball	IsA	sport
cattle	AtLocation	farm
button	PartOf	mouse
lawnmower	UsedFor	mow
tombstone	AtLocation	cemetery
cigarette	HasProperty	bad
arena	UsedFor	fight
spaceship	AtLocation	planet
gambler	Desires	win
exercise	UsedFor	health
religion	Causes	war
moose	IsA	deer
java	IsA	place
dish	ReceivesAction	serve
drawer	AtLocation	kitchen
listen	HasSubevent	learn
postman	AtLocation	post office
snake	AtLocation	grass
penis	PartOf	male
history	AtLocation	museum
water	UsedFor	cleanse
love	Causes	happiness
rosemary	UsedFor	remembrance
seal	IsA	mammal
shoe	MadeOf	leather
diamond	IsA	carbon
talk	Causes	communication
flower	HasProperty	yellow
wednesday	IsA	weekday
rabbit	HasProperty	cute
kiss	UsedFor	foreplay
shelf	AtLocation	closet
bowl	IsA	pipe
orange juice	HasProperty	orange
hike	UsedFor	exercise
rice	IsA	grain
end	PartOf	story
skateboard	UsedFor	fun
tadpole	AtLocation	water
book	UsedFor	knowledge
meatloaf	AtLocation	oven
computer	UsedFor	calculate
face	PartOf	clock
glacier	AtLocation	mountain
date	PartOf	calendar
learn	Causes	understand
village	PartOf	country
death	Causes	rebirth
fish	AtLocation	tank
light	UsedFor	illuminate
pot	MadeOf	clay
pier	AtLocation	beach
revolver	HasProperty	dangerous
corn	AtLocation	field
fish	HasA	bone
mustard	IsA	condiment
food	AtLocation	can
sunshine	AtLocation	beach
mouse	PartOf	computer
america	IsA	republic
earth	IsA	sphere
cat	Desires	mouse
statement	HasProperty	false
ocean	UsedFor	submarine
theft	IsA	crime
door	PartOf	car
box	IsA	sport
movie	IsA	watch
lightning	HasProperty	bright
knife	MadeOf	steel
chair	UsedFor	sit
theory	NotHasProperty	prove
student	AtLocation	college
nicotine	HasProperty	addictive
jog	UsedFor	health
cell	PartOf	tissue
scotland	IsA	place
shell	AtLocation	ocean
new york	IsA	state
game	UsedFor	play
computer	UsedFor	dork
horn	IsA	musical instrument
scale	AtLocation	reptile
syringe	HasA	plunger
kerosene	IsA	fuel
thyroid	IsA	gland
animal	Desires	live
barn	MadeOf	wood
orange	HasProperty	juicy
grape	PartOf	wine
boat	UsedFor	fun
shaft	PartOf	arrow
fruit	AtLocation	orchard
boy	IsA	boy scout
velvet	IsA	cloth
son	HasProperty	male
grass	IsA	plant
crow	IsA	bird
sail	HasPrerequisite	wind
rule	ReceivesAction	break
helmet	HasProperty	hard
democracy	Causes	freedom
kitten	HasProperty	playful
arizona	IsA	state
role	AtLocation	play
beef	IsA	food
ball	HasProperty	spherical
tree	HasA	root
government	ReceivesAction	corrupt
supermarket	HasA	food
bookcase	IsA	furniture
kangaroo	UsedFor	jump
pizza	AtLocation	oven
drum	IsA	instrument
water	IsA	food
water	AtLocation	fog
cat	HasProperty	fickle
dancer	AtLocation	ballet
wax	ReceivesAction	melt
mass	AtLocation	church
acceleration	Causes	movement
college	IsA	school
crossroad	AtLocation	countryside
marriage	IsA	union
heater	UsedFor	heat
human	IsA	ape
yacht	HasA	sail
freeway	UsedFor	speed
leader	UsedFor	follower
wing	UsedFor	flap
present	UsedFor	give
foot	IsA	measurement
triceratops	IsA	dinosaur
house	HasProperty	build
alcohol	UsedFor	intoxication
coffin	AtLocation	graveyard
nail	MadeOf	metal
dream	HasPrerequisite	sleep
mouth	CapableOf	chew
marijuana	HasProperty	illegal
spanner	IsA	tool
wardrobe	MadeOf	wood
gym	UsedFor	work out
steal	MotivatedByGoal	money
metal	IsA	music
ecstasy	IsA	drug
silk	AtLocation	japan
blood	AtLocation	hospital
grasshopper	AtLocation	grass
eat	HasSubevent	swallow
ribbon	UsedFor	decoration
mouse	IsA	rat
weird	IsA	strange
wind	IsA	blow
sleep	UsedFor	rest
spear	IsA	weapon
leg	PartOf	chair
blood	AtLocation	artery
star	AtLocation	outer space
snake	UsedFor	bite
information	AtLocation	television
knife	IsA	tool
rose	IsA	flower
aquarium	HasA	water
marble	HasProperty	round
school	HasA	blackboard
membrane	IsA	surface
ring	UsedFor	wear
lens	PartOf	eye
leader	UsedFor	follow
lie	UsedFor	manipulate
coffee	HasProperty	refresh
car	HasA	bumper
cord	UsedFor	tie
prostitution	HasPrerequisite	money
movie	HasProperty	entertain
war	IsA	conflict
grocery store	UsedFor	shop
virus	CapableOf	infect
baggage	AtLocation	airport
business	AtLocation	build
newspaper	ReceivesAction	read
barn	AtLocation	field
b	IsA	letter
peanut	AtLocation	jar
candle	AtLocation	dark
earthquake	IsA	natural disaster
panther	IsA	animal
reader	AtLocation	library
zebra	AtLocation	zoo
water	HasProperty	slippery
bone	IsA	dog
mandible	PartOf	jaw
bread	UsedFor	sandwich
neuron	PartOf	nervous system
stand up	HasSubevent	stretch
wheel	PartOf	motorcycle
spine	PartOf	book
electron	PartOf	atom
wood	AtLocation	boat
desk	InheritsFrom	table
sun	HasProperty	round
viola	UsedFor	play
cobra	IsA	snake
sport	UsedFor	fun
tickle	UsedFor	laugh
ring	AtLocation	saturn
kimono	IsA	gown
matter	HasA	weight
gazelle	AtLocation	wild
procreate	HasPrerequisite	have sex
virus	Causes	disease
speed	Causes	ticket
fashion	HasProperty	change
waiter	AtLocation	restaurant
sand	HasProperty	gritty
mailman	AtLocation	post office
puppy	HasProperty	fluffy
carrot	AtLocation	salad
toe	PartOf	leg
chicken	HasA	feather
bird	AtLocation	sky
education	AtLocation	university
beer	AtLocation	refrigerator
person	HasProperty	stupid
spade	UsedFor	dig
iceland	IsA	island
elephant	IsA	animal
sport	UsedFor	play
dog	IsA	animal
foal	IsA	horse
world	PartOf	universe
marijuana	HasProperty	legal
goat	AtLocation	farm
uranus	IsA	planet
alter	AtLocation	church
map	PartOf	atlas
poison	UsedFor	kill
disco	UsedFor	dance
leader	HasA	follower
fish	CapableOf	swim
statistic	IsA	number
pleasure	NotHasProperty	good
rice	HasProperty	white
holstein	IsA	cow
cup	HasA	liquid
coach	IsA	manager
beat	HasPainCharacter	throb
communism	AtLocation	china
los angeles	IsA	city
ottoman	AtLocation	chair
cauliflower	IsA	vegetable
rifle	IsA	gun
book	CreatedBy	writer
chair	HasProperty	uncomfortable
smile	MadeOf	happiness
hamburger	IsA	food
owl	AtLocation	tree
table	AtLocation	conference
rubber	HasProperty	flexible
text	HasA	word
unhealthy	HasProperty	bad
couch	PartOf	den
root	PartOf	tree
coffin	AtLocation	funeral
shower	PartOf	bathroom
chapel	UsedFor	worship
boat	UsedFor	travel
lettuce	IsA	vegetable
typewriter	HasA	key
traffic light	AtLocation	crossroad
developer	IsA	programmer
glass	DefinedAs	spectacle
study	LocationOfAction	school
curtain	AtLocation	theatre
seatbelt	AtLocation	car
flirt	UsedFor	fun
exercise	HasSubevent	fatigue
dance	IsA	performance
bee	PartOf	colony
gambler	AtLocation	casino
stuff	IsA	thing
plant	AtLocation	pot
chocolate	IsA	ice cream
geometry	IsA	math
stool	AtLocation	bar
elevator	AtLocation	hotel
flower	HasProperty	fragrant
tuna	InstanceOf	fish
knee	PartOf	leg
organ	AtLocation	body
senior	AtLocation	high school
condom	UsedFor	sex
water	AtLocation	glass
blade	PartOf	knife
danger	HasProperty	bad
water	AtLocation	baptism
vagina	CapableOf	squirt
cricket	IsA	game
galaxy	HasProperty	big
bicycle	HasA	brake
foyer	AtLocation	home
write	UsedFor	communication
tickle	Causes	laugh
steam	IsA	gas
cloth	UsedFor	clothe
window	HasProperty	transparent
fork	AtLocation	napkin
jail	UsedFor	punishment
ice cream	CapableOf	melt
banker	UsedFor	bank
communicate	HasPrerequisite	speak
wristwatch	PartOf	watch
grave	AtLocation	funeral
elephant	AtLocation	circus
wine	AtLocation	bottle
learn	UsedFor	grow
light	MadeOf	energy
mosquito	CapableOf	fly
skate	IsA	fish
traffic	AtLocation	street
work	AtLocation	desk
creature	IsA	animal
hunger	CausesDesire	eat
slope	HasProperty	slippery
hurricane	IsA	storm
rainbow	HasProperty	beautiful
leaf	HasProperty	green
rape	IsA	violence
water	CapableOf	evaporate
instrument	UsedFor	music
paint	UsedFor	decorate
counter	AtLocation	diner
sport	HasProperty	fun
balloon	HasA	water
slave	UsedFor	work
hindsight	IsA	20 20
money	MadeOf	paper
cpu	PartOf	computer
revolver	UsedFor	fire
tiger	IsA	carnivore
stethoscope	HasProperty	cold
credit card	AtLocation	wallet
bone	HasProperty	hard
contemplate	HasSubevent	think
bird	AtLocation	nest
orange juice	MadeOf	orange
screen	PartOf	tv
science	IsA	art
planet	AtLocation	sky
photo	IsA	photograph
drive	HasPrerequisite	license
baseball	HasProperty	hard
butterfly	HasA	wing
everything	AtLocation	universe
duck	IsA	fowl
tuberculosis	IsA	disease
censorship	HasProperty	bad
sky	HasProperty	cloudy
egg	IsA	food
car	CapableOf	transport
venus	AtLocation	space
chocolate	IsA	candy
o	PartOf	alphabet
helium	IsA	gas
gecko	IsA	lizard
hand	UsedFor	hold
lemon	IsA	fruit
speaker	AtLocation	conference
child	HasProperty	play
horseshoe	HasProperty	lucky
room	AtLocation	house
potato	AtLocation	stew
information	AtLocation	library
piccolo	AtLocation	band
program	CapableOf	compute
baseball	HasProperty	round
canoe	AtLocation	water
champagne	IsA	wine
filter	PartOf	cigarette
satchel	IsA	bag
fish	AtLocation	lake
crater	AtLocation	moon
plant	CapableOf	photosynthesis
walk	Causes	exercise
congress	PartOf	legislature
valve	PartOf	trumpet
harmonica	IsA	instrument
streetlight	AtLocation	street
spaceship	AtLocation	space
human	PartOf	nature
french horn	AtLocation	france
isle	IsA	land
jam	AtLocation	jar
quail	IsA	bird
metal	IsA	element
ice	AtLocation	iceland
clothe	UsedFor	dress
chocolate	HasProperty	delicious
solar system	PartOf	galaxy
word	AtLocation	sentence
kangaroo	CapableOf	jump
butter	HasProperty	delicious
pepsi	IsA	coke
steam	HasProperty	humid
liquid	IsA	fluid
stage	AtLocation	opera
silverware	AtLocation	table
poland	IsA	country
butter	AtLocation	pastry
television	IsA	entertainment
water	AtLocation	splash
moon	HasProperty	grey
run	HasSubevent	sweat
poem	HasA	metaphor
manager	AtLocation	store
organ	PartOf	body
bird	CapableOf	chirp
music	PartOf	entertainment
silk	HasProperty	soft
turtle	HasA	shell
coin	AtLocation	purse
activity	IsA	action
fish	IsA	animal
chalk	HasA	calcium
plate	MadeOf	china
iceland	IsA	country
pee	AtLocation	bathroom
rain	PartOf	weather
america	HasProperty	huge
politics	Causes	ideology
airplane	CapableOf	crash
acorn	AtLocation	tree
robber	IsA	criminal
sex	Causes	pregnancy
lifeguard	AtLocation	beach
