castle	HasProperty	big
spirit	AtLocation	medium
lunch	IsA	meal
astronaut	AtLocation	space shuttle
city	HasProperty	big
toast	IsA	bread
turkey	IsA	bird
calendar	AtLocation	wall
chicken	AtLocation	soup
cannonball	UsedFor	cannon
picture	AtLocation	frame
smoke	Causes	pollution
lesson	HasSubevent	learn
alcohol	CausesDesire	socialize
space shuttle	AtLocation	orbit
passport	IsA	document
dog	CapableOf	pee
cabbage	Causes	gas
outer space	AtLocation	orbit
pineapple	HasProperty	tropical
seat	AtLocation	theater
shrimp	IsA	crustacean
corn	AtLocation	iowa
tv	HasA	channel
class	UsedFor	learn
lion	AtLocation	jungle
jam	IsA	spread
disk	AtLocation	computer
tube	HasProperty	hollow
coffee	HasProperty	black
beggar	AtLocation	street
advertise	PartOf	promotion
hatchet	IsA	ax
sidewalk	UsedFor	walk
sugar	IsA	carbohydrate
bisexual	IsA	person
closet	AtLocation	room
snail	AtLocation	shell
cat	HasA	kitten
parkway	IsA	road
unknown	HasProperty	mysterious
guitar	IsA	instrument
snow	AtLocation	north
token	AtLocation	arcade
hair	ReceivesAction	cut
communicate	HasSubevent	misunderstand
knowledge	AtLocation	book
cake	UsedFor	birthday
period	AtLocation	woman
cake	UsedFor	decorate
silo	AtLocation	midwest
vent	AtLocation	roof
brazil	PartOf	south america
sleep	HasSubevent	die
bath	AtLocation	bathroom
dog	IsA	canine
ubuntu	IsA	linux
book	UsedFor	educate
dog	ReceivesAction	feed
person	HasProperty	jealous
tire	MadeOf	rubber
food	HasA	taste
rake	IsA	garden tool
pan	UsedFor	cook
egg	UsedFor	food
badger	AtLocation	sett
container	UsedFor	contain
apple	ReceivesAction	tart
leg	UsedFor	run
student	CapableOf	learn
cotton	UsedFor	thread
beam	AtLocation	roof
dog	HasProperty	nice
apple juice	HasProperty	sweet
sleep	UsedFor	recover
new	NotHasProperty	good
hay	AtLocation	stable
necessity	DefinedAs	mother of invention
schizophrenia	IsA	psychosis
geology	IsA	science
parkway	UsedFor	drive
tower	AtLocation	babel
fire	CapableOf	damage
lizard	AtLocation	desert
set	MadeOf	element
chimney	AtLocation	roof
junk	AtLocation	attic
rooster	IsA	chicken
spaghetti	IsA	food
vault	AtLocation	bank
blood	HasProperty	red
night	HasProperty	dark
alcohol	HasProperty	prohibit
finger	AtLocation	glove
smoke	CreatedBy	fire
baby	CausesDesire	tickle
trampoline	UsedFor	exercise
coffee	HasA	caffeine
marjoram	IsA	herb
bathtub	PartOf	bathroom
highway	IsA	road
sculpture	AtLocation	museum
dog	NotDesires	flea
die	Causes	death
drive	HasProperty	walk
boat	AtLocation	harbor
egg	CreatedBy	chicken
lion	IsA	cat
bank	HasA	branch
outer space	HasProperty	infinite
canoe	IsA	wood
meal	AtLocation	dinner
energy	AtLocation	coal
pain	IsA	sensation
picture	AtLocation	wall
fur	AtLocation	cat
chicago	IsA	city
learn	Causes	knowledge
usa	NotIsA	democracy
equality	HasProperty	good
corpse	AtLocation	funeral
peacock	IsA	bird
work	Causes	exhaustion
mole	AtLocation	underground
dinner	HasProperty	cook
death	AtLocation	war
surf	HasSubevent	wipe out
blood	AtLocation	vein
student	PartOf	class
internet	UsedFor	communicate
live	HasSubevent	die
fungus	AtLocation	toenail
mom	IsA	parent
cake	ReceivesAction	cook
london	PartOf	england
fuji	InstanceOf	apple
gambler	Desires	win
adaptation	PartOf	evolution
pornography	AtLocation	internet
religion	Causes	war
moose	IsA	deer
desert	HasProperty	dry
tractor	HasProperty	yellow
fear	CausesDesire	run
camel	AtLocation	desert
leopard	HasA	fur
space shuttle	AtLocation	outer space
postman	AtLocation	post office
sweet	HasProperty	good
rose	HasProperty	romantic
roulette	AtLocation	casino
earth	HasProperty	spherical
book	UsedFor	entertainment
believer	IsA	religion
type	Causes	letter
education	UsedFor	learn
trouble	AtLocation	roadblock
half	PartOf	whole
compete	HasSubevent	win
lava	AtLocation	volcano
cat	AtLocation	roof
meal	CreatedBy	cook
earth	AtLocation	solar system
shadow	NotHasProperty	dark
exercise	HasPrerequisite	run
history	AtLocation	museum
run	Causes	sweat
show	UsedFor	entertainment
cello	IsA	instrument
cannonball	AtLocation	cannon
line	AtLocation	post office
food	AtLocation	stomach
player	PartOf	team
bullet	UsedFor	projectile
star	AtLocation	galaxy
sugar	AtLocation	soft drink
apple juice	IsA	juice
donut	AtLocation	bakery
run	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
soup	AtLocation	can
strawberry	IsA	ice cream
can	HasA	trash
student	CapableOf	work
gay	IsA	sexuality
trash	AtLocation	container
shelf	AtLocation	closet
tire	HasProperty	black
run	IsA	exercise
common sense	HasProperty	good
rest	HasPrerequisite	relaxation
couch	IsA	sofa
scrabble	IsA	board game
fire	IsA	combustion
snow	HasProperty	fluffy
diamond	UsedFor	cut
petrol	AtLocation	gas station
rest	Causes	relaxation
ice cream	HasProperty	sweet
parrot	IsA	bird
book	UsedFor	knowledge
lip	IsA	mouth
cake	MadeOf	sugar
damage	RelatedTo	break
highway	AtLocation	city
kitten	AtLocation	litter
bird	HasProperty	sing
cat	CapableOf	meow
government	NotDesires	revolution
computer	UsedFor	calculate
face	PartOf	clock
marriage	UsedFor	companionship
trash	AtLocation	dumpster
green	IsA	colour
peanut	IsA	legume
pane	PartOf	window
hair	PartOf	dog
death	IsA	certainty
cookie	AtLocation	jar
kettle	IsA	pot
diamond	HasProperty	clear
learn	Causes	understand
junk	AtLocation	drawer
retire	AtLocation	florida
earth	AtLocation	orbit
herb	IsA	plant
bath	UsedFor	relaxation
triangle	IsA	instrument
knowledge	IsA	information
soup	AtLocation	container
velvet	IsA	fabric
net	AtLocation	boat
run	HasSubevent	exhaustion
credit card	UsedFor	charge
apple	AtLocation	ipod
frame	PartOf	window
cat	HasA	hair
basin	PartOf	sink
cookie	HasProperty	sweet
material	AtLocation	construction
clarinet	IsA	instrument
revolver	HasProperty	dangerous
action	HasA	consequence
mouth	CapableOf	breath
corn	UsedFor	bread
food	UsedFor	energy
picture	IsA	representation
horseshoe	MadeOf	metal
apple	HasProperty	tart
ritual	IsA	ceremony
sleep	InheritsFrom	rest
closet	HasProperty	dark
food	AtLocation	can
book	HasProperty	interest
linen	IsA	cloth
book	CausesDesire	learn
frog	IsA	amphibian
corn	AtLocation	cob
dice	ReceivesAction	roll
tile	UsedFor	bathroom
clock	IsA	tick
potato	AtLocation	salad
pot	UsedFor	cook
learn	UsedFor	interest
book	UsedFor	resource
type	HasPrerequisite	finger
this	IsA	object
earth	IsA	sphere
wall	AtLocation	build
spaghetti	IsA	pasta
rest	HasPrerequisite	sleep
place	AtLocation	town
plain	HasProperty	flat
junk	AtLocation	garage
charcoal	AtLocation	barbecue
dog	HasA	tail
potato	IsA	legume
nose	UsedFor	smell
walk	HasPrerequisite	leg
soap	AtLocation	bathroom
brother	HasProperty	male
tiger	IsA	cat
soap	UsedFor	smell
can	UsedFor	kick
emu	IsA	bird
run	UsedFor	exercise
linen	UsedFor	material
helmet	IsA	hat
food	HasProperty	edible
sleep	HasSubevent	drool
trash	AtLocation	garage
rest	Causes	sleep
jazz	AtLocation	new orleans
bank	AtLocation	vault
person	HasProperty	cruel
roll	IsA	bread
tie-dye	HasPrerequisite	dye
perform	HasSubevent	sing
toenail	PartOf	toe
baby	CapableOf	nurse
grocery	AtLocation	supermarket
dog	CapableOf	run
food	UsedFor	cook
pearl	AtLocation	oyster
shelf	AtLocation	wall
sunlight	IsA	energy
dog	Desires	run
dog	HasProperty	black
stew	IsA	food
volcano	IsA	mountain
diamond	IsA	crystal
memory	AtLocation	computer
run	HasPrerequisite	walk
canary	IsA	bird
lock	UsedFor	privacy
walk	Causes	move
theatre	UsedFor	event
computer	UsedFor	dork
read	Causes	knowledge
clock	UsedFor	keep time
exercise	HasSubevent	pain
staircase	UsedFor	climb
drunk	CapableOf	throw up
period	PartOf	punctuation
barrel	IsA	container
apple juice	MadeOf	apple
syringe	HasA	plunger
miami	PartOf	florida
elbow	PartOf	arm
thyroid	IsA	gland
tile	AtLocation	wall
barn	MadeOf	wood
space shuttle	MadeOf	ceramic
street	AtLocation	city
fire	HasProperty	dangerous
dog	AtLocation	leash
grape	PartOf	wine
neuron	PartOf	brain
egg	Causes	chicken
chicken	Causes	egg
mountain	UsedFor	climb
flour	UsedFor	cake
convict	AtLocation	jail
dinner	IsA	meal
dog	IsA	wolf
food	AtLocation	container
aisle	AtLocation	theater
sandpaper	HasProperty	rough
steak	ReceivesAction	cut
area	IsA	place
teller	AtLocation	bank
satin	IsA	fabric
something	AtLocation	vague
tickle	Causes	giggle
learn	InheritsFrom	knowledge
bank	HasA	insurance
food	AtLocation	freezer
velvet	IsA	cloth
sweet	MadeOf	sugar
person	Desires	mean
son	HasProperty	male
snow	SymbolOf	winter
stethoscope	AtLocation	doctor
trunk	AtLocation	attic
ipod	HasProperty	device
marsh	AtLocation	florida
window	CapableOf	break
liquid	IsA	substance
radius	PartOf	arm
nose	AtLocation	face
astronaut	AtLocation	outer space
drive	Causes	move
cake	AtLocation	bakery
juice	IsA	liquid
lip	AtLocation	mouth
sugar	HasProperty	sweet
religion	IsA	ideology
room	HasA	wall
computer	PartOf	network
tickle	UsedFor	sensation
road	UsedFor	traffic
rule	ReceivesAction	break
gull	IsA	bird
channel	PartOf	tv
earth	NotHasProperty	flat
democracy	Causes	freedom
nose	PartOf	face
book	AtLocation	bookshop
kitten	HasProperty	playful
advertisement	AtLocation	magazine
sofa	MadeOf	leather
beam	UsedFor	support
future	HasProperty	unknown
bird	AtLocation	birdhouse
supermarket	HasA	food
monarchy	IsA	government
cabbage	IsA	plant
star	CapableOf	supernova
woman	IsA	person
window	HasProperty	clear
earth	HasProperty	green
france	PartOf	europe
coal	UsedFor	energy
salad	HasA	shrimp
blood	IsA	liquid
garbage	IsA	waste
entertainment	AtLocation	show
cook	HasPrerequisite	prepare
subway	HasProperty	underground
oxygen	IsA	element
hatred	AtLocation	war
egg	AtLocation	chicken
dog	AtLocation	pound
die	HasSubevent	funeral
cupcake	IsA	cake
plunger	CapableOf	drain
work	Causes	stress
rice	IsA	food
food	IsA	substance
apple	HasA	juice
success	AtLocation	business
chicken	IsA	bird
olive	PartOf	martini
dog	HasA	hair
memory	MadeOf	experience
washcloth	AtLocation	bathroom
smoker	CapableOf	smoke
syringe	AtLocation	doctor
sheep	PartOf	flock
baby	HasProperty	bald
tire	CausesDesire	sleep
stress	Causes	headache
sunlight	HasProperty	bright
beaver	AtLocation	dam
microsoft	IsA	corporation
trash	UsedFor	take out
crane	IsA	bird
run	Causes	exhaustion
rest	MotivatedByGoal	sleep
robbery	IsA	crime
beggar	CapableOf	beg
run	HasPrerequisite	leg
steam	IsA	cook
compete	UsedFor	win
baby	HasProperty	chubby
nail	MadeOf	metal
brother	IsA	male
triangle	IsA	shape
die	HasSubevent	death
carpet	AtLocation	room
mouth	PartOf	face
letter	AtLocation	envelope
bread	CreatedBy	flour
wardrobe	MadeOf	wood
sand	AtLocation	desert
potato	IsA	food
fire	ReceivesAction	extinguish
cargo	AtLocation	boat
frame	PartOf	picture
textile	IsA	cloth
shamrock	HasProperty	green
roofer	AtLocation	roof
bucket	IsA	container
letter	AtLocation	post office
win	CausesDesire	compete
metal	HasProperty	shiny
swamp	AtLocation	louisiana
heron	IsA	bird
flu	IsA	virus
stem	PartOf	plant
couch	UsedFor	sleep
heater	HasProperty	hot
night	HasProperty	scary
diamond	IsA	forever
passport	UsedFor	identification
run	MotivatedByGoal	move
sunday	IsA	day of rest
creature	AtLocation	forest
burrow	HasProperty	underground
dodo	HasProperty	extinct
oasis	AtLocation	desert
steam	HasProperty	hot
bishop	UsedFor	religion
religion	AtLocation	synagogue
bakery	AtLocation	bread
apple	HasA	core
person	NotDesires	irritation
tv	UsedFor	entertainment
sleep	MotivatedByGoal	rest
sleep	UsedFor	rest
brick	AtLocation	build
preserve	AtLocation	jar
fire	AtLocation	forest
read	MotivatedByGoal	learn
shotgun	UsedFor	hunt
snow	AtLocation	mountain
cubicle	IsA	workspace
soprano	IsA	woman
book	UsedFor	read
bigotry	Causes	hatred
compete	HasFirstSubevent	win
government	Desires	order
turkey	IsA	food
ax	UsedFor	cut
bread	IsA	food
scalpel	UsedFor	cut
hamster	IsA	rodent
wire	AtLocation	spool
person	HasProperty	good
letter	UsedFor	communicate
oxygen	CreatedBy	plant
fire	CapableOf	destroy
woman	HasA	clitoris
letter	AtLocation	mail
leftover	AtLocation	refrigerator
walk	UsedFor	exercise
wine	IsA	liquid
ice cream	AtLocation	freezer
picture	AtLocation	book
flannel	IsA	fabric
moth	AtLocation	closet
rain	AtLocation	seattle
son	IsA	male
hay	AtLocation	barn
remember	HasPrerequisite	memory
stew	AtLocation	pot
cake	MadeOf	flour
dog	HasProperty	faithful
utopia	IsA	place
tyrannosaurus rex	IsA	dinosaur
creek	AtLocation	forest
clock	AtLocation	wall
now	CapableOf	this
bathroom	IsA	restroom
text	IsA	book
magazine	IsA	book
neighborhood	PartOf	city
sleep	Causes	death
smoke	HasProperty	unhealthy
beaver	AtLocation	forest
room	IsA	place
tiger	AtLocation	jungle
food	InheritsFrom	steak
earth	HasA	atmosphere
coffee	SymbolOf	caffeine
apple	HasProperty	green
lizard	HasA	tail
cord	UsedFor	tie
star trek	IsA	science fiction
book	UsedFor	education
lane	IsA	aisle
street	UsedFor	walk
typewriter	UsedFor	type
clock	CapableOf	tick
cotton	IsA	fabric
chameleon	IsA	lizard
book	IsA	text
snow	UsedFor	shovel
fire	UsedFor	cook
apple juice	IsA	liquid
trumpet	IsA	instrument
yolk	PartOf	egg
virus	CapableOf	infect
woman	ReceivesAction	rape
chicken	IsA	food
rubber	HasProperty	elastic
business	AtLocation	build
black	SymbolOf	death
exercise	Causes	pain
information	AtLocation	internet
apple	HasProperty	crispy
corn	HasProperty	yellow
corn	HasA	husk
smoke	HasSubevent	inhale
tar	HasProperty	black
bird	CapableOf	sing
peanut	AtLocation	jar
compete	HasSubevent	lose
tobacco	HasA	nicotine
earthquake	IsA	natural disaster
night	SymbolOf	sleep
yellow	IsA	colour
jelly	AtLocation	jar
alcohol	AtLocation	wine
bread	HasA	yeast
liquid	AtLocation	container
food	AtLocation	cafeteria
fire	HasProperty	red
rose	HasA	thorn
daytime	HasProperty	bright
exercise	HasSubevent	run
alley	HasProperty	narrow
insulation	AtLocation	attic
garbage	AtLocation	trash
pain	IsA	symptom
coffee	CreatedBy	brew
work	HasPrerequisite	energy
walk	MotivatedByGoal	exercise
leg	UsedFor	walk
read	UsedFor	learn
computer	UsedFor	information
pepper	HasProperty	hot
dish	UsedFor	food
salad	IsA	food
neighbor	AtLocation	neighborhood
wood	AtLocation	boat
person	IsA	individual
book	UsedFor	learn
coffee	AtLocation	cafe
finger	UsedFor	type
bass	IsA	instrument
baby	HasProperty	young
author	PartOf	book
bible	IsA	book
hair	IsA	fur
deck	AtLocation	boat
cliff	CausesDesire	climb
mouth	HasA	lip
steroid	IsA	hormone
jelly	IsA	spread
rain	Causes	flood
something	CapableOf	anything
pirate	AtLocation	boat
flea	AtLocation	cat
mail	AtLocation	post office
government	UsedFor	oppression
rest	UsedFor	relaxation
companionship	AtLocation	marriage
alley	UsedFor	walk
puppy	IsA	baby
school bus	HasProperty	yellow
pray	HasPrerequisite	faith
titanium	IsA	metal
curry	IsA	spice
sleep	Causes	rest
marble	IsA	rock
parkway	IsA	highway
live	HasLastSubevent	die
fall	CapableOf	hurt
wine	IsA	alcohol
pot	MadeOf	soil
kitten	HasProperty	lovable
baby	CapableOf	giggle
circle	IsA	shape
doctor	UsedFor	heal
black	IsA	colour
wall	AtLocation	room
book	IsA	knowledge
cat	HasA	fur
seagull	IsA	bird
cobweb	AtLocation	attic
kitten	AtLocation	cat
sand	HasProperty	gritty
swan	IsA	bird
sugar	AtLocation	coffee
prayer	AtLocation	synagogue
boat	CapableOf	sink
wood	IsA	material
red	SymbolOf	blood
shingle	AtLocation	roof
algae	IsA	plant
marble	IsA	sphere
wrestler	IsA	fighter
puppy	HasProperty	fluffy
processor	AtLocation	computer
decade	PartOf	century
aluminum	IsA	metal
petroleum	IsA	energy
learn	HasPrerequisite	understand
linen	IsA	fabric
toe	PartOf	leg
jog	HasSubevent	run
atmosphere	IsA	gas
snake	AtLocation	jungle
oxygen	IsA	gas
samurai	IsA	fighter
sashimi	IsA	raw fish
picture	PartOf	book
ant	AtLocation	colony
diamond	IsA	shape
arc	PartOf	circle
general	AtLocation	war
maple	IsA	wood
london	IsA	city
electricity	HasProperty	powerful
communicate	Causes	misunderstand
steak	IsA	food
bullet	AtLocation	magazine
gas	UsedFor	burp
cream	AtLocation	coffee
linen	AtLocation	closet
information	AtLocation	book
shadow	HasProperty	dark
tenor	AtLocation	choir
derby	IsA	hat
rain	AtLocation	forest
person	HasProperty	kind
chicken	AtLocation	egg
bread	AtLocation	toaster
embryo	AtLocation	egg
refrigerator	HasA	food
show	AtLocation	theatre
alcohol	IsA	liquid
war	Causes	death
student	NotDesires	exam
closet	MadeOf	wood
yolk	AtLocation	egg
brunch	IsA	meal
bathroom	AtLocation	soap
eyebrow	IsA	hair
work	HasSubevent	accomplishment
aisle	AtLocation	supermarket
miss piggy	IsA	muppet
woman	IsA	slut
bind	PartOf	book
tobacco	IsA	plant
coach	IsA	manager
book	UsedFor	history
jacket	MadeOf	leather
climb	HasSubevent	fall
hair	AtLocation	drain
window	HasA	frame
potato	UsedFor	cook
criminal	AtLocation	jail
fungus	AtLocation	forest
shower	IsA	rain
cookie	IsA	food
future	ReceivesAction	predict
barbecue	UsedFor	cook
star	AtLocation	outer space
government	AtLocation	democracy
book	ReceivesAction	read
book	HasA	knowledge
rose	HasProperty	red
hamburger	IsA	food
dog	HasA	fur
woman	HasA	baby
grape	AtLocation	bunch
triangle	MadeOf	metal
rose	NotHasProperty	red
cook	UsedFor	prepare food
infidelity	Causes	divorce
voter	AtLocation	democracy
grape	HasProperty	green
revolver	AtLocation	holster
couch	PartOf	den
letter	IsA	symbol
dog	UsedFor	companionship
burglar	AtLocation	jail
shower	PartOf	bathroom
bullet	AtLocation	war
apple	HasProperty	sweet
smoke	AtLocation	fire
frog	AtLocation	swamp
diamond	IsA	jewel
ozone	AtLocation	atmosphere
jog	Causes	sweat
person	CapableOf	another
wall	AtLocation	corner
glove	MadeOf	leather
pepper	HasProperty	green
relaxation	PartOf	recreation
saddle	UsedFor	ride
die	HasPrerequisite	live
frog	HasProperty	green
compete	MotivatedByGoal	win
baby duck	IsA	duckling
exhaustion	CausesDesire	sleep
finger	IsA	digit
gambler	AtLocation	casino
labor	AtLocation	work
baby	HasProperty	fussy
science fiction	IsA	book
coffee	HasProperty	hot
wire	PartOf	tv
flame	HasProperty	hot
plant	AtLocation	pot
rest	HasSubevent	sleep
dummy	UsedFor	baby
men	IsA	horny
literature	UsedFor	read
surname	DefinedAs	last name
pound	IsA	currency
run	HasPrerequisite	agility
electricity	CreatedBy	generator
snack	IsA	food
brain	SymbolOf	knowledge
pirate	Desires	booty
adult	IsA	person
brain	MadeOf	neuron
ham	IsA	food
read	UsedFor	education
garbage	AtLocation	can
thing	IsA	something
cat	InheritsFrom	dog
window	AtLocation	wall
work	HasSubevent	sweat
snow	AtLocation	winter
snail	HasA	shell
bathroom	UsedFor	pee
spark	Causes	fire
learn	AtLocation	class
britain	HasA	monarchy
bird	NotCapableOf	migrate
pepper	IsA	spice
paper clip	MadeOf	metal
plant	IsA	organism
death	IsA	forever
book	CreatedBy	publisher
snake	AtLocation	amazon
person	HasProperty	mean
website	AtLocation	internet
pepsi	IsA	soft drink
rooster	IsA	bird
tail	PartOf	cat
cat	HasA	flea
snake	HasProperty	poisonous
food	AtLocation	refrigerator
coke	InstanceOf	soft drink
athlete	CapableOf	sprint
learn	HasPrerequisite	read
nose	AtLocation	mouth
highway	UsedFor	drive
brain	AtLocation	skull
asteroid	AtLocation	outer space
boat	NotDesires	sink
galaxy	HasProperty	big
cloth	MadeOf	fiber
corn	IsA	plant
sink	PartOf	bathroom
potato	AtLocation	ireland
rock	AtLocation	mountain
lane	AtLocation	street
government	HasPrerequisite	organization
alien	AtLocation	outer space
exercise	Causes	sweat
corn	IsA	starch
hair	HasProperty	blond
steam	IsA	gas
roll	AtLocation	dinner
democrat	HasProperty	left-wing
cotton	IsA	plant
cat	HasProperty	wild
jean	IsA	fabric
genocide	IsA	crime
beaver	AtLocation	wood
read	Causes	learn
banker	UsedFor	bank
dog	HasA	flea
toronto	IsA	city
fire	HasProperty	hot
moisture	Causes	dampness
drain	PartOf	sink
adult	CapableOf	work
roof	HasProperty	red
wood	HasProperty	brown
lawn	HasProperty	green
cake	IsA	desert
text	PartOf	book
exercise	Causes	fitness
frog	CapableOf	leap
information	PartOf	book
run	HasProperty	walk
guard	AtLocation	jail
grave	AtLocation	funeral
booger	AtLocation	nose
hair	UsedFor	warmth
pencil	MadeOf	wood
dove	IsA	bird
cider	MadeOf	apple
traffic	AtLocation	street
tower	AtLocation	castle
drawer	AtLocation	dresser
egg	HasProperty	good
soap	AtLocation	sink
processor	PartOf	computer
ice cream	IsA	desert
book	UsedFor	relaxation
ninja	IsA	fighter
apple	HasProperty	edible
detergent	UsedFor	laundry
aspirin	IsA	analgesic
snow	AtLocation	alaska
shell	PartOf	egg
person	Desires	moral
textile	AtLocation	factory
crime	HasProperty	dangerous
knowledge	InheritsFrom	learn
earth	HasProperty	flat
death	Causes	burial
chorus	CapableOf	sing
castle	AtLocation	england
castle	AtLocation	europe
accord	IsA	honda
canoe	IsA	boat
leopard	IsA	cat
rubber	ReceivesAction	bouncy
cardinal	IsA	bishop
puppy	IsA	dog
steal	IsA	crime
sleep	RelatedTo	sofa
remember	HasPrerequisite	brain
walk	IsA	exercise
soprano	AtLocation	choir
cat	AtLocation	alley
night	SymbolOf	rest
comedy	IsA	show
jog	UsedFor	exercise
characteristic	AtLocation	person
read	HasSubevent	learn
beaver	IsA	rodent
boner	HasProperty	erection
electron	AtLocation	wire
cinnamon	IsA	spice
tile	AtLocation	roof
jog	IsA	exercise
future	HasProperty	predict
leftover	IsA	food
dice	AtLocation	board game
revolver	UsedFor	fire
token	IsA	symbol
passenger	IsA	person
road	UsedFor	traveler
cow	AtLocation	barn
cat	NotIsA	dog
goose	IsA	bird
synapse	PartOf	brain
desert	HasProperty	sweet
couch	AtLocation	den
movie star	HasProperty	famous
bathtub	AtLocation	bathroom
wood	UsedFor	build
purple	IsA	colour
stem	PartOf	apple
memory	PartOf	computer
honey	AtLocation	jar
fear	Causes	tremble
toast	MadeOf	bread
star	PartOf	galaxy
drive	HasPrerequisite	license
aisle	UsedFor	walk
metal	IsA	conductor
surf	HasPrerequisite	wave
dog	CapableOf	walk
soup	IsA	food
book	AtLocation	shelf
owl	IsA	bird
book	HasA	information
computer	HasPrerequisite	electricity
apple	HasProperty	red
nail	PartOf	finger
corn	IsA	food
kingdom	AtLocation	monarchy
shower	AtLocation	bathroom
sand	IsA	soil
criminal	AtLocation	prison
student	Desires	learn
boy	IsA	male
freezer	IsA	appliance
sand	HasProperty	grainy
food	AtLocation	supermarket
violin	MadeOf	wood
computer	UsedFor	work
guilt	PartOf	crime
dial	PartOf	clock
industry	AtLocation	factory
egg	IsA	food
channel	AtLocation	england
winter	RelatedTo	snow
type	Causes	text
bisexual	IsA	sexuality
steak	InheritsFrom	food
dog	NotDesires	cat
postcard	AtLocation	post office
tenor	UsedFor	sing
drumstick	PartOf	turkey
serotonin	IsA	neurotransmitter
cow	AtLocation	hamburger
read	Causes	understand
read	IsA	learn
rubber	AtLocation	tire
barbecue	UsedFor	dinner
food	HasProperty	unhealthy
astronomy	IsA	science
pot	AtLocation	pan
seam	PartOf	dress
wolf	AtLocation	forest
volcano	HasProperty	hot
gecko	IsA	lizard
relish	HasProperty	green
lava	HasProperty	hot
cougar	IsA	cat
energy	MadeOf	electron
trash	HasProperty	unwanted
potato	AtLocation	stew
sewer	AtLocation	street
lane	IsA	road
cannon	UsedFor	war
sheep	CapableOf	graze
book	HasA	author
yolk	HasProperty	yellow
sender	PartOf	letter
city	IsA	place
intimacy	AtLocation	marriage
apple	IsA	computer
sunflower	HasProperty	yellow
lane	IsA	street
fungus	AtLocation	wood
arsenic	IsA	element
energy	AtLocation	food
motorcycle	UsedFor	ride
something	AtLocation	somewhere
walk	Causes	exercise
wine	HasA	alcohol
fabric	MadeOf	fiber
science	IsA	subject
food	HasProperty	good
communicate	Causes	understand
basket	IsA	container
doctor	AtLocation	clinic
valve	PartOf	trumpet
sofa	UsedFor	sleep
this	IsA	something
potato	AtLocation	soil
honey	HasProperty	sweet
trash	IsA	waste
metal	HasProperty	strong
apple	AtLocation	orchard
faith	CausesDesire	pray
shell	AtLocation	shore
pony	IsA	small horse
object	IsA	thing
kitten	IsA	cat
woodpecker	IsA	bird
backgammon	IsA	board game
thing	IsA	object
jam	AtLocation	jar
live	Causes	die
baby	AtLocation	cradle
metal	IsA	element
coal	AtLocation	fire
sweden	PartOf	scandinavia
religion	IsA	faith
powder	UsedFor	make up
subway	AtLocation	underground
buddha	HasProperty	enlighten
group	IsA	set
jar	IsA	container
solar system	PartOf	galaxy
run	HasPrerequisite	run
hotdog	IsA	food
kitten	HasProperty	adorable
san francisco	IsA	city
read	HasPrerequisite	book
rice	IsA	starch
lane	UsedFor	drive
earth	PartOf	solar system
groundhog	IsA	rodent
emerald	HasProperty	green
book	SymbolOf	knowledge
compete	HasLastSubevent	lose
galaxy	PartOf	solar system
rubber	HasProperty	pliable
suicide	Causes	death
grape	AtLocation	wine
pepsi	IsA	coke
dish	AtLocation	dishwasher
red	IsA	colour
flea	AtLocation	dog
electricity	MadeOf	electron
lip	AtLocation	face
break	HasSubevent	rest
death	HasProperty	inevitable
apple	HasA	stem
cook	HasPrerequisite	food
thread	UsedFor	sew
internet	IsA	net
convict	AtLocation	prison
government	IsA	organization
plant	HasProperty	green
rectangle	IsA	shape
scissor	UsedFor	cut
sweat	CapableOf	drip
mountain	HasProperty	big
anime	IsA	animation
food	AtLocation	jar
cat	HasA	tail
demon	AtLocation	hell
apple	NotHasProperty	red
cake	HasProperty	sweet
tire	CapableOf	roll
run	HasSubevent	sweat
person	HasProperty	competitive
swing	AtLocation	playground
gambler	NotDesires	lose
boy	HasProperty	male
lawn	AtLocation	yard
bird	CapableOf	chirp
cart	AtLocation	supermarket
bread	MadeOf	flour
rose	IsA	plant
pudding	MadeOf	sugar
arsenic	HasProperty	poisonous
turtle	HasA	shell
printer	AtLocation	computer
frame	UsedFor	picture
wood	ReceivesAction	nail
soap	AtLocation	shower
cat	AtLocation	ally
aardvark	CapableOf	burrow
mountain	HasA	snow
male	IsA	boy
cardinal	IsA	bird
climb	Causes	fall
pee	AtLocation	bathroom
book	UsedFor	information
maine	IsA	place
abstract	IsA	summary
book	HasA	picture
hair	IsA	strand
superman	IsA	superhero
politics	Causes	ideology
tetrahedron	IsA	pyramid
liquid	HasProperty	clear
toast	AtLocation	toaster
knight	AtLocation	castle
