number	UsedFor	count
dream	Causes	nightmare
bomb	IsA	terrorism
kiss	UsedFor	lover
inventor	CapableOf	invent
god	IsA	omnipotent
ice	CapableOf	melt
vicar	AtLocation	church
illness	HasProperty	disease
flower	HasA	petal
pen	AtLocation	paper
tea	AtLocation	cupboard
african	IsA	continent
time	ReceivesAction	limit
church	UsedFor	praise
celery	IsA	vegetable
play	HasProperty	fun
north korea	PartOf	korea
explosive	UsedFor	kaboom
boot	IsA	cover
frisbee	IsA	toy
marijuana	Causes	fun
hockey	HasProperty	ice
mansion	IsA	home
foundation	PartOf	house
gun	UsedFor	shoot
dynamite	IsA	explosive
bed	UsedFor	dream
shirt	UsedFor	cover
vegetarian	NotDesires	meat
knife	AtLocation	kitchen
stage	AtLocation	auditorium
java	PartOf	indonesia
play	UsedFor	child
rat	IsA	vermin
paperclip	AtLocation	desk
globe	HasProperty	round
laugh	IsA	fun
love	IsA	heart
king	HasProperty	royal
illness	AtLocation	hospital
injury	AtLocation	hospital
flute	IsA	wind instrument
plane	CapableOf	fly
muscle	PartOf	body
ship	AtLocation	ocean
comet	AtLocation	sky
pistol	UsedFor	shoot
head	AtLocation	shoulder
gel	HasProperty	sticky
phone	UsedFor	call
country	HasA	border
house	NotMadeOf	glass
singapore	AtLocation	asia
escalator	AtLocation	mall
cellphone	UsedFor	communication
game	HasProperty	fun
ball	IsA	toy
man	HasA	penis
petal	PartOf	flower
sky	HasProperty	blue
korea	IsA	country
cloud	PartOf	weather
bomb	UsedFor	terrorism
door	CapableOf	open
beer	AtLocation	pub
butterfly	CapableOf	fly
french horn	IsA	brass instrument
freeway	AtLocation	america
tap	UsedFor	beer
oil	IsA	fuel
seed	PartOf	fruit
vase	AtLocation	table
mumps	IsA	illness
study	HasSubevent	memorize
holly	IsA	tree
table	AtLocation	restaurant
home	IsA	house
album	MadeOf	vinyl
furniture	AtLocation	house
ocean	HasA	tide
isle	AtLocation	ocean
head	PartOf	body
matter	MadeOf	particle
sky	AtLocation	rainbow
pilot	Desires	fly
study	HasPrerequisite	concentration
party	HasProperty	fun
fruit	HasProperty	delicious
dart	HasProperty	pointy
holiday	HasProperty	fun
wrestle	IsA	fight
knife	HasPrerequisite	sharpen
bathe	UsedFor	relax
muscle	UsedFor	lift
homework	AtLocation	school
prince	AtLocation	fairy tale
judge	AtLocation	trial
phone	IsA	telephone
cream cheese	HasProperty	tasty
marker	IsA	pen
pen	AtLocation	desk
granite	IsA	stone
seat belt	AtLocation	plane
play	Causes	fun
justification	HasPrerequisite	logic
kiss	SymbolOf	love
snout	PartOf	pig
house	HasA	kitchen
heart	CapableOf	beat
sunset	HasProperty	colorful
white	SymbolOf	cloud
dolphin	CapableOf	swim
basketball	HasProperty	fun
towel	AtLocation	kitchen
toy	HasProperty	fun
critic	AtLocation	movie
paper	HasProperty	white
antique	HasProperty	valuable
tool	HasProperty	useful
stove	AtLocation	kitchen
game	HasA	outcome
grapefruit	HasProperty	bitter
pen	AtLocation	desktop
leader	UsedFor	lead
cd	HasProperty	round
flight attendant	AtLocation	plane
vessel	AtLocation	ocean
language	UsedFor	communication
plate	AtLocation	restaurant
ladybug	IsA	insect
ball	AtLocation	sack
lawnmower	UsedFor	mow
dolphin	AtLocation	ocean
activist	AtLocation	demonstration
ball	AtLocation	park
twelve	IsA	number
cupboard	AtLocation	kitchen
spaceship	AtLocation	planet
ball	HasProperty	fun
study	RelatedTo	mathematics
backpack	AtLocation	school
someone	AtLocation	friend
magic	AtLocation	fairy tale
flute	MadeOf	silver
club	UsedFor	beat
jellyfish	AtLocation	ocean
sunset	HasProperty	pretty
ocean	HasProperty	deep
rifle	IsA	weapon
magic	UsedFor	fun
tree	HasProperty	tall
ink	PartOf	pen
avenue	IsA	way
cock	HasProperty	penis
chimpanzee	IsA	mammal
noun	PartOf	sentence
jellyfish	AtLocation	aquarium
tortoise	HasProperty	slow
church	UsedFor	worship
bowl	HasProperty	round
neptune	IsA	planet
mast	AtLocation	ship
germany	IsA	country
explosive	UsedFor	bomb
cherry	IsA	fruit
state	PartOf	country
submarine	IsA	surface
love	Causes	happiness
socrates	IsA	philosopher
merchant	AtLocation	store
helicopter	AtLocation	sky
eyeliner	IsA	makeup
olympics	RelatedTo	medal
lapel	PartOf	shirt
movie	UsedFor	entertain
child	CapableOf	play
banjo	HasA	string
husband	IsA	mate
tea	IsA	beverage
jupiter	IsA	planet
vertebrate	HasA	spine
mother	CapableOf	worry
phone	CapableOf	ring
sun	Causes	sunburn
kiss	UsedFor	foreplay
what	IsA	that
disease	HasProperty	illness
celebrate	Causes	party
me	UsedFor	love
auditorium	PartOf	school
ice	HasProperty	hard
whale	HasProperty	large
slide	AtLocation	park
happiness	Causes	laughter
pit	PartOf	peach
math	HasProperty	hard
ball	UsedFor	play
chain	HasA	link
salt	AtLocation	table
poker	IsA	card game
basketball	IsA	ball
ladle	AtLocation	kitchen
mayor	AtLocation	town hall
baton	IsA	stick
study	HasPrerequisite	procrastinate
weapon	UsedFor	threaten
game	IsA	activity
comb	UsedFor	groom
love	HasProperty	painful
graphite	IsA	carbon
uncle	AtLocation	family
clothe	AtLocation	house
laughter	HasProperty	contagious
test	AtLocation	school
dictator	PartOf	dictatorship
date	HasProperty	fun
village	AtLocation	country
iron	HasProperty	hard
bark	PartOf	tree
glass	HasProperty	half full
house	HasA	floor
jewelry	HasProperty	pretty
consciousness	HasProperty	awareness
shark	AtLocation	movie
tennis	IsA	game
comfort	AtLocation	home
vessel	UsedFor	ship
beer	AtLocation	bar
tortoise	IsA	reptile
oregon	IsA	state
village	PartOf	country
border	AtLocation	map
secretary	HasA	boss
call	UsedFor	contact
bomb	CapableOf	explode
world	HasProperty	round
old person	HasProperty	slow
pike	AtLocation	river
cartoon	IsA	art
wife	AtLocation	house
lobster	AtLocation	ocean
happiness	IsA	state of mind
india	IsA	country
child	HasProperty	vulnerable
hummingbird	CapableOf	hover
land	UsedFor	farm
silence	AtLocation	library
broom	UsedFor	sweep
pill	UsedFor	medicine
stain	AtLocation	rug
porch	PartOf	house
neutron	PartOf	atom
stone	HasProperty	solid
home	RelatedTo	family
hot dog	IsA	sandwich
elephant	HasProperty	grey
fruit	HasA	seed
knob	ReceivesAction	turn
truck	IsA	automobile
asia	IsA	continent
duck	AtLocation	pond
radish	IsA	vegetable
lie	IsA	deception
christmas	IsA	holiday
kitchen	HasA	stove
tea	AtLocation	teapot
murder	IsA	evil
ocean	UsedFor	submarine
gel	UsedFor	toothpaste
encyclopedia	HasProperty	old
sale	AtLocation	store
billiards	IsA	game
movie	IsA	watch
clown	AtLocation	carnival
car horn	CapableOf	honk
jihad	IsA	terrorism
lie	PartOf	slander
flag	AtLocation	pole
problem	ReceivesAction	solve
cup	IsA	vessel
quiet	AtLocation	library
roller coaster	AtLocation	theme park
child	CapableOf	cry
child	Desires	play
button	AtLocation	shirt
temple	UsedFor	god
doorknob	PartOf	door
arch	AtLocation	church
sailor	AtLocation	ship
pilot	CapableOf	fly
trophy	IsA	award
raven	CapableOf	fly
lie	UsedFor	deceit
menu	AtLocation	restaurant
seed	AtLocation	pod
whale	IsA	mammal
sprite	IsA	soda
new york	IsA	state
gun	IsA	weapon
child	DesireOf	play
fin	PartOf	whale
game	UsedFor	play
fruit	HasProperty	colorful
baritone	IsA	singer
bed	AtLocation	hospital
rifle	UsedFor	shoot
flower	AtLocation	vase
oil	UsedFor	lubricate
treasure	HasProperty	valuable
knob	AtLocation	doorway
pistol	IsA	gun
land	AtLocation	country
photography	IsA	art
knob	AtLocation	door
planet	HasProperty	round
heifer	AtLocation	farm
farm	AtLocation	country
whale	AtLocation	ocean
verandah	IsA	porch
rag	UsedFor	clean
surface	AtLocation	lake
ostrich	NotCapableOf	fly
white	SymbolOf	innocence
medicine	HasProperty	bitter
memorize	HasPrerequisite	study
scheme	IsA	manipulation
murder	IsA	felony
polar bear	AtLocation	zoo
family	HasA	child
world	NotHasProperty	round
bed	UsedFor	lay down
shade	AtLocation	tree
glass	AtLocation	cupboard
map	UsedFor	locate
leave	PartOf	tree
pit	AtLocation	peach
horn	UsedFor	honk
pistol	IsA	weapon
game	IsA	competition
house	InheritsFrom	dwell
celebrate	UsedFor	party
stair	AtLocation	house
champagne	UsedFor	celebrate
vampire	DefinedAs	undead
reception	AtLocation	hall
army	HasA	tank
antler	AtLocation	elk
monitor	AtLocation	desktop
house	ReceivesAction	construct
tree	PartOf	forrest
chalkboard	MadeOf	slate
shirt	IsA	clothe
toad	AtLocation	pond
continent	MadeOf	country
fridge	AtLocation	kitchen
pleasure	UsedFor	fun
ocean	HasA	salt
captain	AtLocation	ship
yarn	UsedFor	crochet
wax	AtLocation	floor
duck	AtLocation	lake
cloud	MadeOf	vapor
coin	UsedFor	spend
route	AtLocation	map
pit	AtLocation	cherry
fireplace	AtLocation	home
house	HasA	door
pilot	AtLocation	cockpit
think	UsedFor	decide
bookcase	IsA	furniture
artery	AtLocation	body
community	AtLocation	church
artist	CapableOf	create
monster	AtLocation	bed
starfish	AtLocation	ocean
baseball	IsA	game
weapon	HasProperty	destructive
peach	IsA	fruit
child	AtLocation	orphanage
mansion	IsA	house
bed	HasProperty	comfortable
memorize	HasFirstSubevent	study
raspberry	IsA	fruit
submarine	IsA	ship
love	Causes	happy
tree	UsedFor	shade
fuel	AtLocation	plane
wax	ReceivesAction	melt
wine bottle	HasA	cork
acceleration	Causes	movement
pool	AtLocation	backyard
walnut	IsA	nut
map	UsedFor	navigate
roller coaster	AtLocation	carnival
fart	Causes	stink
mumps	IsA	disease
dolphin	IsA	mammal
globe	IsA	ball
magnet	AtLocation	fridge
husband	IsA	family
freeway	UsedFor	speed
sloth	AtLocation	zoo
crab	IsA	seafood
study	AtLocation	school
stream	AtLocation	river
snore	Causes	noise
swim	HasSubevent	stroke
itch	HasLastSubevent	scratch
bee	Desires	flower
club	IsA	weapon
auditorium	UsedFor	lecture
leaf	AtLocation	tree
kayak	HasProperty	fun
notebook	UsedFor	study
quote	AtLocation	story
crab	AtLocation	ocean
dna	IsA	molecule
someone	CapableOf	love
resin	AtLocation	tree
door	ReceivesAction	open
house	MadeOf	stone
sermon	PartOf	church service
vampire	IsA	undead
cardboard	AtLocation	box
toy	AtLocation	floor
clay	UsedFor	sculpt
experiment	AtLocation	laboratory
spanner	IsA	tool
family	AtLocation	house
collar	PartOf	shirt
pelican	CapableOf	fly
explore	HasProperty	fun
eagle	IsA	predator
drawback	IsA	disadvantage
paisley	IsA	pattern
meat	HasProperty	delicious
ball	UsedFor	bowl
stock market	PartOf	economy
roar	IsA	sound
child	AtLocation	school
passageway	NotIsA	hall
australia	IsA	country
chalkboard	IsA	slate
gym	UsedFor	work out
smile	Causes	happiness
cardboard	IsA	paper
think	UsedFor	reason
lily	PartOf	flower
mother	CapableOf	love
bone	HasA	calcium
swim	HasProperty	fun
trombone	AtLocation	orchestra
soda	IsA	beverage
weapon	UsedFor	destruction
country	AtLocation	continent
love	Causes	child
heart	AtLocation	body
irish	IsA	nationality
shark	AtLocation	tank
muscle	IsA	meat
beer	AtLocation	brewery
saw	HasA	tooth
tree	HasA	leave
child	PartOf	family
chapter	PartOf	story
laugh	HasProperty	fun
wind	IsA	blow
light bulb	MadeOf	glass
puzzle	UsedFor	solve
dandruff	HasProperty	white
screen	AtLocation	movie
chalk	HasProperty	white
happiness	IsA	bliss
stair	HasA	rail
trust	MadeOf	honesty
spear	IsA	weapon
lily	IsA	flower
hockey	IsA	game
actor	AtLocation	play
america	HasA	flag
chocolate	HasProperty	bitter
programmer	CapableOf	program
chocolate	CapableOf	melt
loft	AtLocation	home
uncle	PartOf	family
desk	IsA	furniture
punch	IsA	attack
lobster	IsA	seafood
knife	IsA	tool
hippie	HasA	long hair
ink	CapableOf	smudge
paper	ReceivesAction	fold
study	RelatedTo	math
pine	IsA	tree
antique	HasProperty	old
cerulean	IsA	blue
ring	UsedFor	wear
polish	UsedFor	clean
lover	CapableOf	kiss
limousine	IsA	automobile
carnival	AtLocation	fair
basketball	PartOf	game
knob	IsA	control
leader	UsedFor	follow
plan	HasPrerequisite	think
card	AtLocation	table
molecule	MadeOf	atom
nature	DefinedAs	environment
card	UsedFor	game
lie	UsedFor	manipulate
dollar	UsedFor	spend
flask	AtLocation	laboratory
desk	UsedFor	study
bartender	AtLocation	bar
mother	PartOf	family
saturn	IsA	planet
iguana	IsA	reptile
colorado	IsA	state
afternoon	PartOf	day
dna	AtLocation	cell
card	UsedFor	christmas
house	NotIsA	home
movie	HasProperty	entertain
flower	HasProperty	colorful
kiss	HasSubevent	embrace
kitchen	PartOf	house
bowl	IsA	game
nut	IsA	seed
plane	AtLocation	land
granite	HasProperty	hard
movie	HasProperty	fun
fingernail	UsedFor	scratch
backyard	AtLocation	house
pig	AtLocation	poke
tooth	CapableOf	decay
mirror	MadeOf	glass
pit	IsA	seed
ball	UsedFor	catch
eraser	AtLocation	school
school	UsedFor	study
sky	UsedFor	fly
shirt	HasA	button
primate	IsA	mammal
holiday	UsedFor	fun
ink	AtLocation	pen
catfish	AtLocation	river
beer	AtLocation	fridge
spain	IsA	country
math	HasProperty	fun
ice	UsedFor	cool
plate	AtLocation	table
coral	AtLocation	ocean
atom	PartOf	molecule
beer	MadeOf	malt
reader	AtLocation	library
ticket	IsA	receipt
popeye	IsA	cartoon
grapefruit	HasProperty	juicy
chemical	AtLocation	laboratory
zebra	AtLocation	zoo
house	HasProperty	neat
gorilla	IsA	mammal
ten	IsA	number
smile	PartOf	service
celebrate	UsedFor	fun
house	HasA	furniture
bed	HasProperty	soft
thirst	Causes	dehydration
lens	MadeOf	glass
crochet	IsA	hobby
movie	IsA	film
antler	IsA	horn
watch	UsedFor	time
desk	InheritsFrom	table
tenant	AtLocation	apartment
rhode island	IsA	state
new zealand	IsA	country
lie	UsedFor	deception
horn	IsA	wind instrument
sun	HasProperty	round
monkey	AtLocation	tree
river	AtLocation	valley
desk	IsA	table
phone	UsedFor	communication
nucleus	AtLocation	atom
mayor	UsedFor	council
eyeshadow	IsA	makeup
grapefruit	IsA	fruit
ring	AtLocation	saturn
salt	HasProperty	white
milk	HasProperty	white
flower	HasProperty	pretty
sunny	IsA	weather
library	NotHasProperty	quiet
ice	ReceivesAction	melt
mallard	IsA	duck
claw	CapableOf	scratch
three	IsA	number
sky	AtLocation	planet
matter	HasA	weight
telephone	UsedFor	communication
milk	AtLocation	store
temple	UsedFor	worship
paper	MadeOf	tree
toy	AtLocation	box
mayor	AtLocation	city hall
product	AtLocation	store
apartment	IsA	home
bagel	IsA	chewy
bee	CapableOf	fly
film	AtLocation	movie
forgiveness	AtLocation	confession
child	HasProperty	innocent
plane	HasProperty	fly
speed	Causes	ticket
celebrate	HasPrerequisite	party
ticket	UsedFor	speed
jet	CapableOf	fly
waiter	AtLocation	restaurant
meteorite	IsA	stone
trophy	SymbolOf	victory
hacker	IsA	programmer
god	CapableOf	love
screen	PartOf	monitor
saw	IsA	tool
child	NotIsA	toy
clean	UsedFor	wash
gym	AtLocation	school
time	UsedFor	wait
country	IsA	state
puzzle	IsA	problem
cloud	AtLocation	sky
sydney	PartOf	australia
home	IsA	comfort
heart	UsedFor	love
quark	AtLocation	atom
olympics	SymbolOf	medal
floor	AtLocation	house
shark	AtLocation	ocean
explosive	AtLocation	bomb
cross	SymbolOf	christianity
bali	PartOf	indonesia
elm	IsA	tree
speaker	CapableOf	sound
pig	HasProperty	pink
sound	AtLocation	song
fruit	AtLocation	tree
trombone	IsA	wind instrument
lark	IsA	fun
sausage	MadeOf	meat
leaf	UsedFor	photosynthesis
sibling	AtLocation	family
horn	UsedFor	blow
plane	AtLocation	sky
duck	ReceivesAction	roast
salt	IsA	mineral
swim	UsedFor	fun
man	CapableOf	murder
light bulb	IsA	invention
noon	PartOf	day
whale	CapableOf	swim
reproduce	Causes	child
monkey	IsA	primate
leave	AtLocation	tree
sponge	UsedFor	clean
celebrate	Causes	joy
furniture	AtLocation	store
termite	IsA	insect
couple	HasProperty	happy
goat	AtLocation	farm
terminator	IsA	movie
mercury	IsA	planet
fart	HasProperty	smelly
cell	PartOf	body
ball	UsedFor	tennis
house	HasProperty	white
state	AtLocation	country
tooth	UsedFor	bite
oregon	PartOf	northwest
pad	UsedFor	paper
relax	HasPrerequisite	lie down
bathe	UsedFor	wash
meat	IsA	flesh
alter	AtLocation	church
button	PartOf	shirt
crocodile	IsA	reptile
sermon	AtLocation	church
submarine	AtLocation	ocean
duck	Desires	swim
relax	HasPrerequisite	comfort
pen	HasA	ink
frisbee	HasProperty	round
love	AtLocation	family
grandson	PartOf	family
couple	AtLocation	wed
plane	UsedFor	fly
fart	UsedFor	laugh
ticket	AtLocation	movie
spa	UsedFor	relax
liquor	AtLocation	bar
lover	AtLocation	bed
king	RelatedTo	prince
lemon	HasProperty	bitter
column	HasProperty	straight
toilet paper	AtLocation	toilet
sloth	AtLocation	tree
body	HasA	bone
professor	AtLocation	laboratory
button	HasProperty	round
frisbee	AtLocation	park
disease	AtLocation	hospital
ape	IsA	primate
stone	HasProperty	hard
chimpanzee	IsA	monkey
first day of week	IsA	monday
machete	IsA	knife
toy	AtLocation	store
mind	UsedFor	think
friend	HasProperty	fun
rifle	IsA	gun
head	UsedFor	think
fbi	HasProperty	federal bureau of investigation
frisbee	UsedFor	catch
mathematics	AtLocation	school
ocean	UsedFor	swim
wax	CapableOf	melt
game	IsA	fun
laugh	HasSubevent	smile
cell	AtLocation	body
program	CreatedBy	programmer
australia	IsA	continent
smile	MadeOf	happiness
soda	IsA	fizzy
table	AtLocation	conference
ship	HasA	mast
ball	AtLocation	gym
language	ReceivesAction	speak
paper	ReceivesAction	recycle
speed	HasProperty	relative
microscope	AtLocation	laboratory
column	AtLocation	spreadsheet
child	Desires	love
lie	NotHasProperty	true
vietnam	IsA	country
level	IsA	tool
man	CapableOf	love
eatery	IsA	restaurant
murder	Causes	trial
glass	DefinedAs	spectacle
rat	AtLocation	laboratory
study	LocationOfAction	school
rug	UsedFor	decoration
bag	AtLocation	mall
rubber band	IsA	stretchy
knife	AtLocation	plate
basketball	UsedFor	dribble
screen	AtLocation	monitor
wheel	UsedFor	turn
friend	AtLocation	school
pit	AtLocation	mine
wrestle	HasPrerequisite	strength
ice	IsA	solid
aunt	PartOf	family
chocolate	ReceivesAction	melt
husband	UsedFor	wife
flute	AtLocation	orchestra
milk	IsA	beverage
smile	IsA	fun
toilet paper	HasProperty	soft
stool	AtLocation	bar
seed	AtLocation	tree
caribou	IsA	mammal
bomb	IsA	explosive
cloud	HasProperty	white
wife	UsedFor	husband
child	HasProperty	helpless
beer	IsA	beverage
penny	IsA	coin
alto	IsA	singer
bee	IsA	insect
language	RelatedTo	speak
spider	IsA	arachnid
liver	PartOf	body
seed	AtLocation	fruit
bunny	Desires	hop
kitchen	AtLocation	knife
vinegar	UsedFor	clean
igloo	IsA	house
kitchen	AtLocation	downstairs
environment	AtLocation	ecology
plate	AtLocation	cupboard
chemical	HasProperty	toxic
blade	PartOf	knife
toy	UsedFor	play
banana	HasA	peel
escalator	AtLocation	store
lake	UsedFor	swim
love	CausesDesire	kiss
celebrate	HasPrerequisite	happiness
knife	UsedFor	stab
explorer	Desires	adventure
game	UsedFor	amusement
mistake	ReceivesAction	fix
key	AtLocation	house
cup	MadeOf	glass
sleeve	PartOf	shirt
medal	IsA	award
basketball	HasProperty	round
stage	UsedFor	play
door	ReceivesAction	close
wheel	HasProperty	round
leaf	PartOf	tree
bee	AtLocation	hive
vampire	HasProperty	undead
actor	AtLocation	movie
school	UsedFor	child
sushi	HasProperty	japanese
geek	AtLocation	school
wool	AtLocation	shirt
lens	AtLocation	microscope
god	AtLocation	church
catfish	AtLocation	pond
everybody	HasA	body
story	HasProperty	fictional
school	UsedFor	teach
poodle	IsA	pet
house	CapableOf	burn
milk	HasA	calcium
america	IsA	continent
card	MadeOf	paper
republican	HasProperty	right-wing
lie	Causes	distrust
wind instrument	UsedFor	orchestra
seaside	PartOf	ocean
banana	HasProperty	mushy
grill	AtLocation	backyard
man	AtLocation	love
bowl	MadeOf	clay
wheat	IsA	grain
game	ReceivesAction	play
belgium	IsA	country
nun	AtLocation	church
tank	HasProperty	heavy
gasoline	IsA	fuel
candle	HasA	wick
nausea	CausesDesire	vomit
flag	AtLocation	country
ball	HasProperty	round
lie	HasPrerequisite	deceit
beer	HasProperty	bitter
family	IsA	relationship
catfish	CapableOf	swim
sloth	IsA	mammal
mosquito	CapableOf	fly
receiver	PartOf	telephone
flower	UsedFor	decoration
pig	AtLocation	pen
africa	PartOf	map
cardboard	ReceivesAction	recycle
butterfly	IsA	insect
consciousness	HasProperty	state of mind
song	AtLocation	cd
count	HasPrerequisite	number
salt	AtLocation	ocean
hurricane	IsA	storm
continent	HasA	country
peach	HasA	pit
pin	HasA	point
silver	UsedFor	jewelry
vibrator	IsA	toy
kiwi	IsA	fruit
paper	AtLocation	notebook
steakhouse	IsA	restaurant
roller coaster	HasProperty	fun
bee	AtLocation	flower
monday	IsA	weekday
land	AtLocation	ocean
pattern	PartOf	logic
key	PartOf	door
eraser	HasProperty	pink
tooth	HasProperty	white
burger	IsA	fast food
girl	IsA	child
ship	AtLocation	port
string	PartOf	harpsichord
elephant	AtLocation	india
submarine	CapableOf	surface
bouquet	MadeOf	flower
door	AtLocation	house
wife	IsA	family
cash	AtLocation	wallet
child	CapableOf	love
meteorite	IsA	meteor
program	HasSubevent	execute
africa	IsA	continent
heart	PartOf	body
dream	HasLastSubevent	wake up
duck	HasA	feather
cage	AtLocation	zoo
blade	PartOf	fan
pouch	AtLocation	wallet
whiskey	IsA	liquor
iris	IsA	flower
bullseye	IsA	target
mast	UsedFor	ship
play	HasSubevent	laugh
glass	HasProperty	transparent
world	MadeOf	country
comb	HasA	tooth
mother	AtLocation	family
bone	HasProperty	hard
alarm clock	UsedFor	wake up
spy	Desires	snoop
reproduce	UsedFor	copy
coupon	AtLocation	store
restaurant	HasA	waiter
play	UsedFor	fun
baseball	UsedFor	catch
tree	UsedFor	paper
desk	AtLocation	study
planet	AtLocation	sky
stamp	UsedFor	postage
baseball	IsA	ball
bomb	AtLocation	bomber
lie	UsedFor	manipulation
knife	IsA	weapon
baseball	HasProperty	hard
butterfly	HasA	wing
milk	AtLocation	cereal
bride	AtLocation	wed
house	AtLocation	suburb
chimpanzee	AtLocation	zoo
tuberculosis	IsA	disease
sushi	HasProperty	delicious
concrete	HasProperty	hard
qwerty	IsA	keyboard
shopper	AtLocation	store
disease	HasProperty	contagious
disease	NotHasProperty	contagious
porch	UsedFor	relax
mother	HasA	child
ice	CapableOf	chill
iron	HasProperty	heavy
zebra	AtLocation	africa
chain	AtLocation	dungeon
tree	AtLocation	backyard
church	UsedFor	god
jewelry	HasProperty	valuable
tree	CapableOf	grow
egypt	IsA	country
artery	IsA	blood vessel
voice	AtLocation	song
eggplant	IsA	vegetable
temple	SymbolOf	thailand
champagne	HasProperty	bubbly
sentence	IsA	punishment
cartoon	IsA	illustration
table	PartOf	kitchen
celebrate	HasSubevent	party
router	CapableOf	route
church	AtLocation	community
tank	IsA	weapon
lemon	IsA	fruit
speaker	AtLocation	conference
child	Desires	toy
blue	AtLocation	sky
plate	MadeOf	glass
mother	UsedFor	love
child	HasProperty	play
fruit	AtLocation	vegetable
ocean	HasProperty	wet
film	IsA	movie
god	PartOf	church
child	HasProperty	messy
film	UsedFor	movie
logic	UsedFor	reason
man	CapableOf	orgasm
voice	AtLocation	telephone
house	IsA	home
program	CapableOf	compute
baseball	HasProperty	round
filter	PartOf	cigarette
lid	PartOf	box
seahorse	AtLocation	ocean
noise	IsA	sound
baseball	HasPrerequisite	ball
bike	HasA	wheel
wife	UsedFor	love
aunt	PartOf	relative
banana	IsA	fruit
girl	AtLocation	school
pool	UsedFor	swim
act	PartOf	play
hour	PartOf	day
elephant	IsA	mammal
medicine	AtLocation	hospital
marijuana	UsedFor	fun
bourbon	IsA	whiskey
joke	Causes	laughter
russia	IsA	country
me	PartOf	we
joke	HasProperty	tell
number	UsedFor	math
south africa	IsA	country
table	AtLocation	kitchen
sky	DefinedAs	limit
heart	SymbolOf	love
burrito	IsA	mexican food
candle	UsedFor	romance
dagger	CapableOf	stab
asia	InstanceOf	continent
glass	ReceivesAction	recycle
clothe	UsedFor	wear
keyboard	HasA	key
study	HasPrerequisite	concentrate
isle	IsA	land
fun	HasProperty	enjoyable
product	ReceivesAction	manufacture
pool	IsA	game
mosquito	IsA	insect
bomb	UsedFor	explode
ocean	HasProperty	blue
province	PartOf	country
memorize	HasPrerequisite	repeat
urine	AtLocation	toilet
indonesia	IsA	archipelago
ice	AtLocation	iceland
bully	AtLocation	school
chocolate	HasProperty	delicious
ink	HasProperty	blue
pin	HasProperty	pointy
chalkboard	AtLocation	school
researcher	AtLocation	laboratory
game	IsA	toy
god	IsA	love
child	HasA	mother
handshake	Causes	deal
marijuana	HasProperty	fun
box	MadeOf	cardboard
wing	UsedFor	fly
elephant	AtLocation	zoo
chimpanzee	IsA	ape
encyclopedia	HasProperty	heavy
dot	IsA	point
movie	HasProperty	fictional
elephant	AtLocation	africa
ice	HasProperty	melt
tack	AtLocation	cork board
iron	IsA	mineral
bed	IsA	furniture
granite	HasProperty	colorful
towel	UsedFor	clean
spinach	IsA	vegetable
school	HasProperty	fun
mule	AtLocation	grand canyon
bed	AtLocation	loft
floor	MadeOf	concrete
gerbil	IsA	mammal
america	IsA	country
spectacle	IsA	glass
helium	AtLocation	sun
story	UsedFor	tell
squash	IsA	fruit
child	HasProperty	cute
border	IsA	edge
midnight	PartOf	day
rainbow	HasProperty	pretty
wheelchair	UsedFor	mobility
monkey	AtLocation	zoo
story	HasA	sentence
house	UsedFor	sale
salt	UsedFor	flavor
gopher	IsA	mammal
audience	AtLocation	movie
prop	AtLocation	stage
door	PartOf	house
ruby	IsA	stone
shirt	UsedFor	wear
reptile	AtLocation	zoo
meat	IsA	murder
globe	IsA	map
grenade	IsA	bomb
librarian	AtLocation	library
honesty	IsA	virtue
silver	AtLocation	mine
key	AtLocation	keyboard
milk	AtLocation	fridge
frisbee	HasProperty	fun
iphone	IsA	telephone
fruit	HasProperty	juicy
pottery	MadeOf	clay
cushion	UsedFor	comfort
beverage	AtLocation	restaurant
bbq	AtLocation	backyard
clean	Causes	neatness
hoist	UsedFor	lift
papaya	IsA	fruit
chalk	HasA	calcium
iceland	IsA	country
monkey	Desires	banana
bomb	IsA	weapon
ice	HasProperty	solid
rail	AtLocation	porch
floor	AtLocation	kitchen
fly	IsA	insect
acorn	AtLocation	tree
gorilla	IsA	ape
nucleus	PartOf	cell
lens	PartOf	microscope
