hockey	IsA	team sport
hockey	IsA	violent sport
hockey	IsA	great sport
hockey	IsA	type of game
hockey	IsA	sport of skill and precision
hockey	IsA	sport game
hockey	IsA	popular sport in canada
hockey	IsA	winter game
hockey	IsA	team game
hockey	IsA	contact sport
hockey	IsA	sometimes
hockey	IsA	fun game
hockey	IsA	game of skill
hockey	IsA	olympic sport
hockey	IsA	expensive hobby
hockey	IsA	game on ice
hockey	IsA	game
restroom	AtLocation	rest area
restroom	AtLocation	library
restroom	AtLocation	office build
restroom	AtLocation	airport
restroom	IsA	bathroom
book	AtLocation	table
book	AtLocation	university
book	AtLocation	at bookstore
book	AtLocation	room
book	AtLocation	at library
book	IsA	source of knowledge
book	IsA	invaluable source of information
book	AtLocation	in library
book	AtLocation	on shelf
book	IsA	important source of knowledge
book	IsA	excellent source of information
book	IsA	one way of record history
book	AtLocation	on desk
book	AtLocation	book store
book	IsA	usually
book	AtLocation	cabinet
book	IsA	good companion
book	IsA	object
book	AtLocation	briefcase
book	AtLocation	build
book	IsA	book
book	IsA	storage device
book	AtLocation	closet
book	IsA	print paper
book	AtLocation	house
book	AtLocation	bedroom
book	IsA	story for mind
book	IsA	different size
book	AtLocation	airport
book	AtLocation	kitchen
book	AtLocation	neighbor house
book	AtLocation	live room
book	AtLocation	in studyroom
book	AtLocation	on table
book	AtLocation	shelve
book	IsA	way to learn something new
book	IsA	information source
book	AtLocation	your backpack
book	AtLocation	coffee table
book	AtLocation	school room
book	AtLocation	purse
book	AtLocation	bag
book	AtLocation	prison cell
book	AtLocation	floor
book	IsA	non-living teacher
book	IsA	form of communication
book	IsA	not to be burn
book	IsA	invaluable rescource of knowledge
book	IsA	way of communicate without speak
book	AtLocation	philosophy and religion
book	IsA	form of data storage
book	IsA	good tool for learn
book	IsA	bind or cheaply bind
book	AtLocation	different height
book	IsA	great read
book	IsA	either fact or fiction
book	IsA	fill with information
book	IsA	our friend
book	IsA	collection of write material
book	IsA	keep spine-outward
book	AtLocation	apartment
book	AtLocation	shop
book	AtLocation	mall
book	AtLocation	city
book	AtLocation	your desk drawer
book	AtLocation	computer
book	AtLocation	car
book	AtLocation	town
book	IsA	shelve accord to size
book	IsA	document type
book	AtLocation	bed
book	AtLocation	drawer
book	AtLocation	desk
book	IsA	often
book	AtLocation	bookshelf
book	AtLocation	your desk
book	AtLocation	store
book	IsA	notebook
book	IsA	paperback
book	IsA	novel
book	AtLocation	shelf
dust	AtLocation	refrigerator
dust	AtLocation	closet
dust	AtLocation	your bed
dust	AtLocation	table
dust	AtLocation	corner
dust	AtLocation	moon
dust	AtLocation	desk
dust	AtLocation	bed
dust	AtLocation	under bed
dust	AtLocation	windowsill
dust	AtLocation	unswept house
dust	AtLocation	cupboard
dust	AtLocation	restaurant
dust	AtLocation	winery
dust	AtLocation	back of sofa
dust	AtLocation	cellar
dust	AtLocation	desktop
dust	AtLocation	bedroom
dust	AtLocation	suface of moon
dust	AtLocation	grind
dust	AtLocation	loft
dust	AtLocation	in den
dust	AtLocation	back room
dust	AtLocation	storageroom
dust	IsA	small particle of matter
dust	AtLocation	new mexico
dust	AtLocation	cabinet
dust	AtLocation	backseat of car
dust	AtLocation	fork in road
dust	AtLocation	freeway
dust	AtLocation	outerspace
dust	AtLocation	fridge
dust	AtLocation	air
dust	AtLocation	desert
letter	AtLocation	mail box
letter	AtLocation	in mail box
letter	AtLocation	in mail
letter	AtLocation	office
letter	IsA	write sheet
letter	IsA	become obsolete
letter	AtLocation	your desk drawer
letter	AtLocation	your table
letter	AtLocation	post office
letter	AtLocation	envelope
letter	IsA	a
letter	AtLocation	mail
letter	IsA	alphabet
dynamite	IsA	high explosive
dynamite	IsA	powerful explosive
dynamite	IsA	explosive
shade	IsA	sunglass
shade	AtLocation	window decoration store
shade	AtLocation	forest
shade	AtLocation	sunglass shop
shade	AtLocation	window
cat	AtLocation	bag
cat	AtLocation	floor
cat	AtLocation	humane society
cat	AtLocation	backyard
cat	AtLocation	chair
cat	AtLocation	barn
cat	AtLocation	someone home
cat	AtLocation	sofa
cat	AtLocation	your lap
cat	IsA	sniff red rose
cat	IsA	often
cat	IsA	predator
cat	AtLocation	my lap
cat	IsA	felins
cat	AtLocation	outside
cat	AtLocation	your way
cat	AtLocation	your bed
cat	IsA	very independent animal
cat	AtLocation	cat litter tray
cat	AtLocation	alleyway
cat	AtLocation	apartment
cat	IsA	very curious animal
cat	AtLocation	heat
cat	IsA	not dog
cat	AtLocation	someone lap
cat	AtLocation	cat box
cat	IsA	wild animal
cat	IsA	friendly pet
cat	IsA	very independant animal
cat	AtLocation	back yard
cat	IsA	carnivors
cat	AtLocation	town
cat	AtLocation	your favourite armchair
cat	AtLocation	residence
cat	AtLocation	petshop
cat	AtLocation	appartment
cat	AtLocation	spinster house
cat	AtLocation	any urban settlement
cat	AtLocation	pet store home
cat	AtLocation	sunny windowsill
cat	AtLocation	human lap
cat	AtLocation	sun
cat	AtLocation	zoo
cat	AtLocation	pet store
cat	AtLocation	tree
cat	AtLocation	animal shelter
cat	AtLocation	cat lover house
cat	AtLocation	desk
cat	AtLocation	it basket
cat	AtLocation	build
cat	AtLocation	paris
cat	AtLocation	warm place
cat	AtLocation	beam of sunlight
cat	AtLocation	appartments
cat	AtLocation	someone house
cat	AtLocation	your closet
cat	AtLocation	trouble
cat	AtLocation	cartoon
cat	IsA	very common choice of pet
cat	AtLocation	nature
cat	AtLocation	basket
cat	IsA	friend
cat	IsA	wonderful thing
cat	IsA	natural hunter
cat	AtLocation	trailer
cat	IsA	charm manipulative pet
cat	AtLocation	it bed
cat	AtLocation	sit on chair
cat	AtLocation	bookcase
cat	AtLocation	dark
cat	AtLocation	fence
cat	IsA	favorite pet of many child
cat	AtLocation	it owner home
cat	AtLocation	couch
cat	IsA	different size
cat	IsA	cute smart furry animal
cat	IsA	person too
cat	IsA	most useless pet
cat	IsA	mammels rose be plant
cat	IsA	watch it prey
cat	IsA	predatory animal
cat	IsA	courious
cat	IsA	affectionate creature
cat	IsA	beautiful animal
cat	AtLocation	meadow
cat	AtLocation	countryside
cat	AtLocation	london
cat	AtLocation	comic
cat	AtLocation	georgia
cat	AtLocation	seat
cat	AtLocation	farmhouse
cat	AtLocation	earth
cat	AtLocation	farm
cat	AtLocation	any large city
cat	AtLocation	new york
cat	AtLocation	unite state
cat	AtLocation	michigan
cat	AtLocation	cellar
cat	AtLocation	hotel
cat	AtLocation	den
cat	AtLocation	cuba
cat	AtLocation	garage
cat	AtLocation	drawer
cat	AtLocation	country
cat	AtLocation	store
cat	AtLocation	germany
cat	IsA	smell red flower
cat	AtLocation	person house
cat	AtLocation	your chair
cat	AtLocation	bush
cat	AtLocation	charge
cat	AtLocation	my arm
cat	AtLocation	kitty litter bin
cat	AtLocation	clean laundry
cat	IsA	domestic animal
cat	AtLocation	petstore
cat	IsA	small than dog
cat	IsA	purebred
cat	AtLocation	humane shelter
cat	AtLocation	table
cat	AtLocation	bed
cat	AtLocation	windowsill
cat	IsA	curious animal
cat	AtLocation	kitten
cat	IsA	tiger
cat	IsA	feline
cat	IsA	lion
rook	IsA	chess piece
rook	IsA	piece of chess set
rook	AtLocation	chess set
rook	IsA	chess game piece
rook	IsA	bird
quartz	AtLocation	wristwatch
quartz	AtLocation	gem store
quartz	AtLocation	new age shop
something	AtLocation	barn
something	AtLocation	bottom of lake
something	AtLocation	surface
something	AtLocation	river
something	AtLocation	circus
something	AtLocation	top of mountain
something	AtLocation	earth
something	AtLocation	bus stop
something	AtLocation	bed
something	AtLocation	museum
something	AtLocation	dump
something	AtLocation	doctor office
something	AtLocation	hand
something	AtLocation	north pole
something	AtLocation	garden
something	AtLocation	police station
something	AtLocation	hole
something	AtLocation	church
something	AtLocation	hardware store
something	AtLocation	bar
something	AtLocation	fair
something	AtLocation	pier
something	AtLocation	race
something	AtLocation	work
something	AtLocation	couch
something	AtLocation	hospital
something	AtLocation	end
something	AtLocation	bag
something	AtLocation	safe deposit box
something	AtLocation	center of universe
something	AtLocation	supermarket
something	AtLocation	sofa
something	AtLocation	water
something	AtLocation	you
something	AtLocation	file
something	AtLocation	mar
something	AtLocation	university
something	AtLocation	lose and find
something	AtLocation	stadium
something	AtLocation	counter
something	AtLocation	boat
something	AtLocation	crossroad
something	AtLocation	tip of your tongue
something	AtLocation	pool
something	AtLocation	trunk of car
something	AtLocation	on desk
something	AtLocation	wed
something	AtLocation	prison
something	AtLocation	restaurant
something	AtLocation	wallet
something	AtLocation	temple
something	AtLocation	grocery store
something	AtLocation	farm
something	AtLocation	bottom of drawer
something	AtLocation	mailbox
something	AtLocation	amusement park
something	AtLocation	compost pile
something	AtLocation	race track
something	AtLocation	swim pool
something	AtLocation	file cabinet
something	AtLocation	dock
something	AtLocation	top of hill
something	AtLocation	garbage can
something	AtLocation	toilet
something	AtLocation	top of stack
something	AtLocation	glass
something	AtLocation	rest
something	AtLocation	bookstore
something	AtLocation	carpet
something	AtLocation	vault
something	AtLocation	window
something	AtLocation	room
something	AtLocation	ballpark
something	AtLocation	village
something	AtLocation	park lot
something	AtLocation	hotel
something	AtLocation	movie
something	AtLocation	toy store
something	AtLocation	table
something	AtLocation	bottom of barrel
something	AtLocation	sewer
something	AtLocation	cave
something	AtLocation	grill
something	AtLocation	edge
something	AtLocation	stove
something	AtLocation	bottom
something	AtLocation	last place you look
something	AtLocation	bathroom
something	AtLocation	south pole
something	AtLocation	bank
something	AtLocation	begin
something	AtLocation	shed
something	AtLocation	pawn shop
something	AtLocation	club
something	AtLocation	drain
something	AtLocation	post office
something	AtLocation	outer space
something	AtLocation	space station
something	AtLocation	compost
something	AtLocation	bottom of pile
something	AtLocation	end of road
something	AtLocation	gas station
something	AtLocation	side of road
something	AtLocation	bus station
something	AtLocation	your hand
something	AtLocation	street corner
something	AtLocation	top of list
something	AtLocation	intersection
something	AtLocation	base of statue
something	AtLocation	end of line
something	AtLocation	city
something	AtLocation	website
something	AtLocation	frontyard
something	AtLocation	dentist office
something	AtLocation	mine
something	AtLocation	buddhist temple
something	AtLocation	carnival
something	AtLocation	edge of table
something	AtLocation	football game
something	AtLocation	cleaner
something	AtLocation	basement
something	AtLocation	bury in grind
something	AtLocation	deep in jungle
something	AtLocation	shoe
something	AtLocation	case
something	AtLocation	pharmacy
something	AtLocation	concession stand
something	AtLocation	flea market
something	AtLocation	pluto
something	AtLocation	it limit
something	AtLocation	railway station
something	AtLocation	fire
something	AtLocation	odds
something	AtLocation	laundry
something	AtLocation	subway station
something	AtLocation	nebraska
something	AtLocation	car wash
something	AtLocation	pub
something	AtLocation	car seat
something	AtLocation	funeral
something	AtLocation	vacation
something	AtLocation	arm length
something	AtLocation	right angle
something	AtLocation	top of build
something	AtLocation	f
something	AtLocation	outdoors
something	AtLocation	gym
something	AtLocation	top of mt
something	AtLocation	black hole
something	AtLocation	my stomach
something	AtLocation	grocery cart
something	AtLocation	internet
something	AtLocation	landfill
something	AtLocation	bowl
something	AtLocation	harbor
something	AtLocation	city hall
something	AtLocation	sun
something	AtLocation	theater
something	AtLocation	top shelf
something	AtLocation	drugstore
something	AtLocation	factory
something	AtLocation	a
something	AtLocation	grass
something	AtLocation	door
something	AtLocation	very high temperature
something	AtLocation	pizza hut
something	AtLocation	curbside
something	AtLocation	star
something	AtLocation	east
something	AtLocation	it best
something	AtLocation	middle
something	AtLocation	island
something	AtLocation	book
something	AtLocation	record
something	AtLocation	international space station
something	AtLocation	bottom of stack
something	AtLocation	microscope
something	AtLocation	front
something	AtLocation	paris
something	AtLocation	handle
something	AtLocation	movie theater
something	AtLocation	curtain
something	AtLocation	sauna
something	AtLocation	ranch
something	AtLocation	top of closet
something	AtLocation	your foot
something	AtLocation	shore
something	AtLocation	blanket
something	AtLocation	concert hall
something	AtLocation	tent
something	AtLocation	ledge
something	AtLocation	end of row
something	AtLocation	coral reef
something	AtLocation	middle of road
something	AtLocation	market
something	AtLocation	it peak
something	AtLocation	someplace
something	AtLocation	cinema
something	AtLocation	department store
something	AtLocation	diner
something	AtLocation	boil point
something	AtLocation	stand still
something	AtLocation	georgia
something	AtLocation	bury in bush
something	AtLocation	hide under your bed
something	AtLocation	astral plane
something	AtLocation	elsewhere
something	AtLocation	betwixt
something	AtLocation	capital of north dakota
something	AtLocation	no where
something	AtLocation	way over there
something	AtLocation	away from something else
something	AtLocation	far from something else
something	AtLocation	next to something else
something	AtLocation	outside of something else
something	AtLocation	nearby something else
something	AtLocation	everywhere
something	AtLocation	fast than light travel
something	AtLocation	reality
something	AtLocation	at work
something	AtLocation	it position
something	AtLocation	travel on subway
something	AtLocation	sleep
something	AtLocation	nowhere
something	AtLocation	conveyor belt
something	AtLocation	over in meadow
something	AtLocation	next to litterbox
something	AtLocation	finish line
something	AtLocation	freefall
something	AtLocation	road
something	AtLocation	person
something	AtLocation	campground
something	AtLocation	another thing
something	AtLocation	gate
something	AtLocation	university campus
something	AtLocation	open pit mine
something	AtLocation	dance
something	AtLocation	banner
something	AtLocation	deli case
something	AtLocation	beach towel
something	AtLocation	page
something	AtLocation	rack
something	AtLocation	surface of lake
something	AtLocation	in jar
something	AtLocation	under water
something	AtLocation	drawer
something	AtLocation	location
something	AtLocation	in garden
something	AtLocation	in car
something	AtLocation	in closet
something	AtLocation	on shelf
something	AtLocation	in cabinet
something	AtLocation	in forest
something	AtLocation	break
something	AtLocation	in street
something	AtLocation	on roof
something	AtLocation	in village
something	AtLocation	under desk
something	AtLocation	on table
something	AtLocation	back of bus
something	AtLocation	midnight
something	AtLocation	white house
something	AtLocation	back of room
something	AtLocation	bottom of sack
something	AtLocation	far away
something	AtLocation	pond
something	AtLocation	shop mall
something	AtLocation	back door
something	AtLocation	laundromat
something	AtLocation	ease
something	AtLocation	anus
something	AtLocation	friend house
something	AtLocation	edge of cliff
something	AtLocation	picnic
something	AtLocation	dry cleaner
something	AtLocation	storage
something	AtLocation	new location
something	AtLocation	cost
something	AtLocation	put away
something	AtLocation	back of cupboard
something	AtLocation	game
something	AtLocation	large
something	AtLocation	my aunt house
something	AtLocation	standstill
something	AtLocation	mantel
something	AtLocation	angle
something	AtLocation	rainbow
something	AtLocation	top of stair
something	AtLocation	risk
something	AtLocation	distance
something	AtLocation	opera
something	AtLocation	plain sight
something	AtLocation	live room
something	AtLocation	seashore
something	AtLocation	peace
something	AtLocation	fountain
something	AtLocation	give location
something	AtLocation	bury
something	AtLocation	monastery
something	AtLocation	ozone layer
something	AtLocation	concert
something	AtLocation	hat
something	AtLocation	smithsonian
something	AtLocation	baseball game
something	AtLocation	track
something	AtLocation	mortuary
something	AtLocation	restuarant
something	AtLocation	bottle
something	AtLocation	room temperature
something	AtLocation	yard sale
something	AtLocation	of reach
something	AtLocation	end of rainbow
something	AtLocation	mine shaft
something	AtLocation	rock
something	AtLocation	cliff
something	AtLocation	on my desk
something	AtLocation	on table top
something	AtLocation	on cliff
something	AtLocation	in mail box
something	AtLocation	lie in pool of blood
something	AtLocation	empty space
something	AtLocation	out on street
something	AtLocation	in house
something	AtLocation	party
something	AtLocation	food store
something	AtLocation	new mexico
something	AtLocation	spaceship
something	AtLocation	george bush
something	AtLocation	infinity
something	AtLocation	end of it useful life
something	AtLocation	tollbooth
something	AtLocation	heat vent
something	AtLocation	carwash
something	AtLocation	tool chest
something	AtLocation	gift shop
something	AtLocation	height of it success
something	AtLocation	heart of matter
something	AtLocation	drug store
something	AtLocation	some book
something	AtLocation	gas tank
something	AtLocation	slot
something	AtLocation	tape to refridgerator
something	AtLocation	property line
something	AtLocation	mouth of river
something	AtLocation	envelope
something	AtLocation	fault line
something	AtLocation	gate of hell
something	AtLocation	side of house
something	AtLocation	soda fountain
something	AtLocation	end of sidewalk
something	AtLocation	stick to wall
something	AtLocation	junction of two highway
something	AtLocation	first aid kit
something	AtLocation	conductor hand
something	AtLocation	side of hill
something	AtLocation	booth
something	AtLocation	phone booth
something	AtLocation	glove box
something	AtLocation	stick in hole
something	AtLocation	entrance to school
something	AtLocation	middle of freeway
something	AtLocation	high school
something	AtLocation	way far away
something	AtLocation	bread box
something	AtLocation	enemy headquarter
something	AtLocation	tibet
something	AtLocation	soccer field
something	AtLocation	gym locker
something	AtLocation	back seat
something	AtLocation	rear of tavern
something	AtLocation	front of car
something	AtLocation	lap
something	AtLocation	catch in spoke
something	AtLocation	my heel
something	AtLocation	pile
something	AtLocation	bend in river
something	AtLocation	electronics store
something	AtLocation	hang on clothe line
something	AtLocation	movie theatre
something	AtLocation	eyeball
something	AtLocation	graveyard
something	AtLocation	garden gate
something	AtLocation	your fingertip
something	AtLocation	your doctor office
something	AtLocation	your pillow
something	AtLocation	burried in back yard
something	AtLocation	your school locker
something	AtLocation	rick
something	AtLocation	edge of map
something	AtLocation	entrance to mine shaft
something	AtLocation	stick in mud
something	AtLocation	edge of universe
something	AtLocation	down in mine
something	AtLocation	crosswalk
something	AtLocation	top of tower
something	AtLocation	botton of drawer
something	AtLocation	cuba
something	AtLocation	elm street
something	AtLocation	car park
something	AtLocation	eiffel tower
something	AtLocation	wall of cubicle
something	AtLocation	fishmonger
something	AtLocation	pawnshop
something	AtLocation	to-do list
something	AtLocation	firestation
something	AtLocation	center stage
something	AtLocation	discount store
something	AtLocation	municipal dump
something	AtLocation	hold
something	AtLocation	cemetery
something	AtLocation	back burner
something	AtLocation	stuff we have forget
something	AtLocation	laundrdomat
something	AtLocation	out of sight
something	AtLocation	representation in one mind
something	AtLocation	top of your list
something	AtLocation	limit
something	AtLocation	on beach
something	AtLocation	anyplace
something	AtLocation	top of world
something	AtLocation	louvre
something	AtLocation	railroad cross
something	AtLocation	storm drain entrance
something	AtLocation	top of car
something	AtLocation	nightclub
something	AtLocation	state university
something	AtLocation	secret military base
something	AtLocation	state of rest
something	AtLocation	television set
something	AtLocation	small room
something	AtLocation	junk yard
something	AtLocation	my friend house
something	AtLocation	toolbox
something	AtLocation	study
something	AtLocation	one of top floor
something	AtLocation	certain place
something	AtLocation	barrel
something	AtLocation	end of it life cycle
something	AtLocation	station
something	AtLocation	hard disk
something	AtLocation	top floor
something	AtLocation	grind floor
something	AtLocation	park lodge
something	AtLocation	tournament
something	AtLocation	make gesture
something	AtLocation	list
something	AtLocation	ship
something	AtLocation	certain time
something	AtLocation	mat
something	AtLocation	china
something	AtLocation	overhead compartment
something	AtLocation	end of driveway
something	AtLocation	quebec
something	AtLocation	planet
something	AtLocation	forefront
something	AtLocation	cut edge
something	AtLocation	waterfront
something	AtLocation	low priority
something	AtLocation	your wit end
something	AtLocation	patagonia
something	AtLocation	your pleasure
something	AtLocation	black hole event horizon
something	AtLocation	junction
something	AtLocation	train station
something	AtLocation	bottom of ocean
something	AtLocation	mountain
something	AtLocation	chair
something	AtLocation	bridge
something	AtLocation	zoo
something	AtLocation	school
something	AtLocation	library
something	AtLocation	store
something	AtLocation	beach
something	AtLocation	tree
something	AtLocation	mall
something	AtLocation	sea
something	AtLocation	refrigerator
something	AtLocation	something else
something	IsA	this
something	IsA	it
something	AtLocation	vague
you	IsA	computer
you	AtLocation	there
you	IsA	in nyc in boat
you	IsA	getiing very sleepy
you	IsA	somewhere
you	IsA	expert horseman to play polo
you	IsA	16 to drive car
you	IsA	rucky
you	IsA	slave to your society
you	IsA	pocket knife salesman
you	AtLocation	end of line
you	IsA	move fast when you be run
you	AtLocation	friend
you	AtLocation	yours
planet	AtLocation	outerspace
planet	IsA	large object
planet	AtLocation	outer-space
planet	AtLocation	in orbit
planet	AtLocation	in space
planet	AtLocation	solar system
planet	IsA	different size
planet	IsA	often
planet	IsA	orbitting sun
planet	AtLocation	outer space
planet	IsA	earth
planet	IsA	jupiter
planet	AtLocation	orbit
planet	IsA	mercury
planet	AtLocation	galaxy
planet	AtLocation	space
planet	AtLocation	sky
planet	IsA	venus
planet	IsA	moon
planet	IsA	saturn
eraser	AtLocation	desk
eraser	AtLocation	pencil box
eraser	IsA	proof
eraser	IsA	for dummy who make mistake
eraser	IsA	small than car
eraser	IsA	for pencil mark
eraser	IsA	for mistake
eraser	AtLocation	school
saloon	AtLocation	old west park
saloon	AtLocation	far west
piece	AtLocation	information in book
piece	AtLocation	paper in notebook
piece	AtLocation	change in pocket
piece	AtLocation	change in your pocket
piece	AtLocation	jigsaw puzzel
piece	AtLocation	coal in your stock at christmas
piece	AtLocation	paper in folder
piece	AtLocation	coal in mine
piece	IsA	part of whole
piece	AtLocation	your plate
piece	AtLocation	food in refrigerator
piece	AtLocation	information in internet
piece	AtLocation	food in frigerator
piece	IsA	part of large whole
piece	AtLocation	change in carseat
piece	AtLocation	puzzle box
piece	AtLocation	information in library
someone	AtLocation	university
someone	AtLocation	disco
someone	AtLocation	basement
someone	AtLocation	space station
someone	AtLocation	table
someone	AtLocation	classroom
someone	AtLocation	movie theater
someone	AtLocation	amusement park
someone	AtLocation	bus stop
someone	AtLocation	police station
someone	AtLocation	sea
someone	AtLocation	grocery store
someone	AtLocation	bowl alley
someone	AtLocation	there
someone	AtLocation	barn
someone	AtLocation	their wit end
someone	AtLocation	disneyland
someone	AtLocation	department store
someone	AtLocation	laundromat
someone	AtLocation	counter
someone	AtLocation	lunch
someone	AtLocation	bench
someone	AtLocation	ballgame
someone	AtLocation	class
someone	AtLocation	computer
someone	AtLocation	baseball game
someone	AtLocation	grand canyon
someone	AtLocation	italy
someone	AtLocation	top
someone	AtLocation	funeral
someone	AtLocation	game
someone	AtLocation	bank
someone	AtLocation	desert
someone	AtLocation	cafe
someone	AtLocation	hawaii
someone	AtLocation	dinner
someone	AtLocation	build
someone	AtLocation	garage
someone	AtLocation	ballroom
someone	AtLocation	parade
someone	AtLocation	outdoors
someone	AtLocation	friend house
someone	AtLocation	read book
someone	AtLocation	coffee shop
someone	AtLocation	death row
someone	AtLocation	carnival
someone	AtLocation	hill
someone	AtLocation	wit end
someone	AtLocation	gas station
someone	AtLocation	location
someone	AtLocation	drugstore
someone	AtLocation	conference
someone	AtLocation	monastery
someone	AtLocation	club
someone	AtLocation	football game
someone	AtLocation	stream
someone	AtLocation	mine
someone	AtLocation	lecture
someone	AtLocation	water
someone	AtLocation	japan
someone	AtLocation	opera
someone	AtLocation	movie theatre
someone	AtLocation	car wash
someone	AtLocation	camp
someone	AtLocation	deli
someone	AtLocation	studio
someone	AtLocation	bedroom
someone	AtLocation	town
someone	AtLocation	symphony
someone	AtLocation	limbo
someone	AtLocation	park
someone	AtLocation	white house
someone	AtLocation	wed
someone	AtLocation	bathtub
someone	AtLocation	rave
someone	AtLocation	carwash
someone	AtLocation	bath
someone	AtLocation	dentist
someone	AtLocation	theme park
someone	AtLocation	edge of cliff
someone	AtLocation	hide under bed
someone	AtLocation	attic
someone	AtLocation	crossroad
someone	AtLocation	resturant
someone	AtLocation	friend home
someone	AtLocation	gate
someone	AtLocation	show
someone	AtLocation	den
someone	AtLocation	front door
someone	AtLocation	pet store
someone	AtLocation	sport event
someone	AtLocation	stoplight
someone	AtLocation	wish well
someone	AtLocation	war
someone	AtLocation	their job
someone	AtLocation	recital
someone	AtLocation	sink
someone	AtLocation	convention
someone	AtLocation	doctor
someone	AtLocation	door
someone	AtLocation	ranch
someone	AtLocation	tavern
someone	AtLocation	court
someone	AtLocation	nightclub
someone	AtLocation	overseas
someone	AtLocation	hide
someone	IsA	hold rose
someone	AtLocation	paris
someone	AtLocation	insane asylum
someone	AtLocation	birthday party
someone	AtLocation	telephone booth
someone	AtLocation	skate rink
someone	AtLocation	pearly gate
someone	AtLocation	roller coaster
someone	AtLocation	hardware store
someone	AtLocation	their grandmother house
someone	AtLocation	line
someone	AtLocation	brewery
someone	AtLocation	phone
someone	AtLocation	bus station
someone	AtLocation	live room
someone	AtLocation	restroom
someone	AtLocation	racetrack
someone	AtLocation	bookstore
someone	AtLocation	mit
someone	AtLocation	synagogue
someone	AtLocation	middle of desert
someone	AtLocation	rodeo
someone	AtLocation	grind
someone	AtLocation	arcade
someone	AtLocation	end of their rope
someone	AtLocation	olympics
someone	AtLocation	vermont
someone	AtLocation	highway
someone	AtLocation	internet
someone	AtLocation	soccer game
someone	AtLocation	rainforest
someone	AtLocation	space shuttle
someone	AtLocation	laboratory
someone	AtLocation	chess tournament
someone	AtLocation	computer terminal
someone	AtLocation	copy machine
someone	AtLocation	car show
someone	AtLocation	kansa
someone	AtLocation	creek
someone	AtLocation	computer lab
someone	AtLocation	their desk
someone	AtLocation	factory
someone	AtLocation	refrigerator
someone	AtLocation	mirror
someone	AtLocation	telephone
someone	AtLocation	mental hospital
someone	AtLocation	another country
someone	AtLocation	mountaintop
someone	AtLocation	eiffel tower
someone	AtLocation	end of line
someone	AtLocation	detention
someone	AtLocation	back of bus
someone	AtLocation	horse race
someone	AtLocation	stage
someone	AtLocation	canoe
someone	AtLocation	forefront
someone	AtLocation	10k
someone	AtLocation	air
someone	AtLocation	food court
someone	AtLocation	fish market
someone	AtLocation	political demonstration
someone	AtLocation	cemetary
someone	AtLocation	blanket
someone	AtLocation	water fountain
someone	AtLocation	musical concert
someone	AtLocation	apartment
someone	AtLocation	playground
someone	AtLocation	another planet
someone	AtLocation	ballpark
someone	AtLocation	convenience store
someone	AtLocation	demonstration
someone	AtLocation	ship
someone	AtLocation	sauna
someone	AtLocation	park lot
someone	AtLocation	mosque
someone	AtLocation	palace
someone	AtLocation	spa
someone	AtLocation	poetry read
someone	AtLocation	prom
someone	AtLocation	graduation ceremony
someone	AtLocation	dock
someone	AtLocation	motel
someone	AtLocation	walk down street
someone	AtLocation	baltimore
someone	AtLocation	totally lose
someone	AtLocation	6 foot underground
someone	AtLocation	up in tree house
someone	AtLocation	huge sale
someone	AtLocation	deep in cavern
someone	AtLocation	dee in forest
someone	AtLocation	coven
someone	AtLocation	astral plane
someone	AtLocation	ground for behave inappropriately
someone	AtLocation	art museum
someone	AtLocation	emotion
someone	AtLocation	seek assistance
someone	AtLocation	lose in think
someone	AtLocation	drunk
someone	AtLocation	go
someone	AtLocation	wait in car
someone	AtLocation	football stadium
someone	AtLocation	their location
someone	AtLocation	political fund-raiser
someone	AtLocation	in
someone	AtLocation	hike
someone	AtLocation	unemployment office
someone	AtLocation	compost pile add grass clipping
someone	AtLocation	prague
someone	AtLocation	bicycle repair shop
someone	AtLocation	credit union
someone	AtLocation	university campus
someone	AtLocation	political rally
someone	AtLocation	smithsonian
someone	AtLocation	gun show
someone	AtLocation	toll booth
someone	AtLocation	nascar race
someone	AtLocation	wail wall
someone	AtLocation	bob hallmark
someone	AtLocation	in office
someone	AtLocation	in car
someone	AtLocation	at movie
someone	AtLocation	in bus
someone	AtLocation	in submarine
someone	AtLocation	in morgue
someone	AtLocation	dream
someone	AtLocation	at store
someone	AtLocation	home
someone	AtLocation	in school
someone	AtLocation	in middle of desert
someone	AtLocation	in kitchen
someone	AtLocation	on roof
someone	AtLocation	iraq
someone	AtLocation	lan party
someone	AtLocation	loss
someone	AtLocation	loss for word
someone	AtLocation	ice rink
someone	AtLocation	lose
someone	AtLocation	attention
someone	AtLocation	golf course
someone	AtLocation	pot luck dinner
someone	AtLocation	picnic
someone	AtLocation	solitary confinement
someone	AtLocation	wake
someone	AtLocation	stop sign
someone	AtLocation	radio station
someone	AtLocation	television
someone	AtLocation	odds with another
someone	AtLocation	shoe store
someone	AtLocation	odds with another person
someone	AtLocation	online
someone	AtLocation	universe
someone	AtLocation	race track
someone	AtLocation	market
someone	AtLocation	confession
someone	AtLocation	seashore
someone	AtLocation	strip club
someone	AtLocation	ease with himself
someone	AtLocation	up in tree
someone	AtLocation	aruba
someone	AtLocation	supermarket
someone	AtLocation	ball game
someone	AtLocation	spaceship
someone	AtLocation	rest
someone	AtLocation	alaska
someone	AtLocation	three ring circus
someone	AtLocation	drive-in theatre
someone	AtLocation	trail
someone	AtLocation	ease
someone	AtLocation	bus depot
someone	AtLocation	peak of their career
someone	AtLocation	lift
someone	AtLocation	back door
someone	AtLocation	tea party
someone	AtLocation	piano
someone	AtLocation	death door
someone	AtLocation	brazil
someone	AtLocation	dinner party
someone	AtLocation	bordello
someone	AtLocation	another dimension
someone	AtLocation	castle
someone	AtLocation	tunnel
someone	AtLocation	his workplace
someone	AtLocation	large
someone	AtLocation	trouble
someone	AtLocation	leisure
someone	AtLocation	way
someone	AtLocation	surf
someone	AtLocation	seminar
someone	AtLocation	horse
someone	AtLocation	california
someone	AtLocation	log cabin
someone	AtLocation	downstairs
someone	AtLocation	hole
someone	AtLocation	peace
someone	AtLocation	peace with themselves
someone	AtLocation	odds with someone else
someone	AtLocation	six and seven
someone	AtLocation	loose end
someone	AtLocation	foreign country
someone	AtLocation	ferris wheel
someone	AtLocation	in africa
someone	AtLocation	in italy
someone	AtLocation	in van
someone	AtLocation	in bed
someone	AtLocation	room
someone	AtLocation	in federal prision
someone	AtLocation	up there
someone	AtLocation	bike
someone	AtLocation	motorcycle
someone	AtLocation	1996tl66
someone	AtLocation	experimental space colony
someone	AtLocation	deep in forest
someone	IsA	stroll along beach
someone	IsA	hold computer disk
someone	IsA	hold royal flush
someone	IsA	bicycle in snow
someone	IsA	climb
someone	IsA	hold chicken by neck
someone	IsA	hold dart in their hand
someone	IsA	hold red dart
someone	IsA	cross narrow bridge
someone	AtLocation	odds with their employer
someone	AtLocation	rainbow
someone	AtLocation	goal post
someone	AtLocation	front of tv
someone	AtLocation	water plant
someone	AtLocation	top of ladder
someone	AtLocation	shoot gallery
someone	AtLocation	elevator shaft
someone	AtLocation	umbrella
someone	AtLocation	fortune teller booth
someone	AtLocation	bingo parlor
someone	AtLocation	pentagon
someone	AtLocation	court house
someone	AtLocation	crawl space
someone	AtLocation	traffic accident
someone	AtLocation	lock in their room
someone	AtLocation	out in back yard
someone	AtLocation	regional office
someone	AtLocation	step
someone	AtLocation	hard rock cafe
someone	AtLocation	administration build
someone	AtLocation	roller coaster ride
someone	AtLocation	top of flag pole
someone	AtLocation	front of build
someone	AtLocation	lincoln memorial
someone	AtLocation	wheelchair race
someone	AtLocation	therapy
someone	AtLocation	cell
someone	AtLocation	information booth
someone	AtLocation	terminal
someone	AtLocation	skateboard
someone	AtLocation	driver license bureau
someone	AtLocation	climb mount everest
someone	AtLocation	photomat
someone	AtLocation	dog
someone	AtLocation	parent class
someone	AtLocation	scene of accident
someone	AtLocation	janitor closet
someone	AtLocation	parade float
someone	AtLocation	flower show
someone	AtLocation	camper
someone	AtLocation	astro dome
someone	AtLocation	machine shop
someone	AtLocation	stair well
someone	AtLocation	highchair
someone	AtLocation	elementary school
someone	AtLocation	bottom of pit
someone	AtLocation	board meet
someone	AtLocation	blimp
someone	AtLocation	business meet
someone	AtLocation	capital build
someone	AtLocation	dog pound
someone	AtLocation	vehicle
someone	AtLocation	dance recital
someone	AtLocation	public park
someone	AtLocation	piano bench
someone	AtLocation	chain gang
someone	AtLocation	wrestle match
someone	AtLocation	out at lake
someone	AtLocation	bomb shelter
someone	AtLocation	amazon basin
someone	AtLocation	home office
someone	AtLocation	dark alley
someone	AtLocation	old folk home
someone	AtLocation	drag race
someone	AtLocation	wait for bus
someone	AtLocation	no where
someone	AtLocation	someplace
someone	AtLocation	history
someone	AtLocation	machine room
someone	AtLocation	jamba juice
someone	AtLocation	file room
someone	IsA	lie down when they be dead
someone	AtLocation	state of contemplation
someone	AtLocation	barber
someone	AtLocation	lamb
someone	AtLocation	television station
someone	AtLocation	voice lesson
someone	AtLocation	auditorium
someone	AtLocation	chinese restaurant
someone	AtLocation	walk along road
someone	AtLocation	thier wit end
someone	AtLocation	sit in chair
someone	AtLocation	ther
someone	AtLocation	brink of mental breakdown
someone	AtLocation	glory hole
someone	AtLocation	strip joint
someone	AtLocation	rest area
someone	AtLocation	at electronics store
someone	AtLocation	casino
someone	AtLocation	indian wed
someone	AtLocation	jungle
someone	AtLocation	swim lesson
someone	AtLocation	their inner self
someone	AtLocation	peaceful
someone	AtLocation	orbit in capsule
someone	AtLocation	overpass
someone	AtLocation	dumpster
someone	AtLocation	pass out on sofa
someone	AtLocation	my house in my bed
someone	AtLocation	my house in bedroom
someone	AtLocation	fairground
someone	AtLocation	summer camp
someone	AtLocation	his mother place
someone	AtLocation	her leisure
someone	AtLocation	vicinity
someone	AtLocation	fifth floor
someone	AtLocation	bridge table
someone	AtLocation	men room
someone	AtLocation	stair case
someone	AtLocation	doorway
someone	AtLocation	summit
someone	AtLocation	state capitol
someone	AtLocation	walk around aimlessly
someone	AtLocation	chess
someone	AtLocation	resort
someone	AtLocation	alley
someone	AtLocation	antarctica
someone	AtLocation	peru
someone	AtLocation	border
someone	AtLocation	have fit
someone	AtLocation	away
someone	AtLocation	library do research
someone	AtLocation	quandary
someone	AtLocation	hall
someone	AtLocation	alter state of mind
someone	AtLocation	contemplative state
someone	AtLocation	their own
someone	AtLocation	his her wit end
someone	AtLocation	scientific advance
someone	AtLocation	cleveland
someone	AtLocation	kyoto
someone	AtLocation	burma
someone	AtLocation	desk
someone	AtLocation	doctor office
someone	AtLocation	tree
someone	AtLocation	fair
someone	AtLocation	corner
someone	AtLocation	pool
someone	AtLocation	train station
someone	AtLocation	hospital
someone	AtLocation	museum
someone	AtLocation	zoo
someone	AtLocation	lake
someone	AtLocation	theater
someone	AtLocation	shop
someone	AtLocation	post office
someone	AtLocation	something
someone	AtLocation	friend
door	AtLocation	lock in bank
door	AtLocation	in room
door	AtLocation	lock in office build
door	AtLocation	apartment
door	AtLocation	front door
door	AtLocation	in house
door	AtLocation	lock in house
door	AtLocation	theater
door	AtLocation	lock in prison
door	IsA	passageway
door	AtLocation	your house
door	AtLocation	at apartment
door	IsA	band
door	AtLocation	neighbor house
door	AtLocation	lock in build
door	AtLocation	lock in garage
door	AtLocation	front porch
door	AtLocation	home
door	IsA	entrance to room
door	AtLocation	build
door	IsA	wood
door	AtLocation	handle
door	AtLocation	knob
kill	IsA	crime
kill	IsA	slay
garden	IsA	necessary activity to grow tomato
garden	IsA	collection of live thing
garden	IsA	hobby
garden	IsA	place with plant
garden	AtLocation	great outdoors
garden	IsA	art form
garden	IsA	one way to produce flower
garden	AtLocation	back yard
garden	AtLocation	water
garden	AtLocation	gate
garden	AtLocation	soil
garden	AtLocation	hose
garden	AtLocation	vegetable
garden	AtLocation	flower
garden	AtLocation	plant
garden	AtLocation	grass
sew	IsA	craft
sew	IsA	hobby
forklift	IsA	machine
forklift	IsA	useful machinery
forklift	AtLocation	load dock
forklift	AtLocation	construction site
forklift	AtLocation	wherehouse
forklift	IsA	move grass
lightning	IsA	electrical discharge
lightning	IsA	form of electricity
lightning	AtLocation	cloud
lightning	IsA	static electricity
lightning	IsA	discharge of energy
lightning	IsA	natural electricity
lightning	IsA	very bright and be usually
lightning	IsA	massive energy burst
lightning	IsA	form of static electricity
lightning	IsA	result of static electricity
casket	AtLocation	at funeral
casket	AtLocation	graveyard
casket	AtLocation	funeral
tax	IsA	legalize theft by government
tax	IsA	go up
axe	IsA	heavy implement
axe	IsA	tool for cut wood
axe	IsA	tool
vacuum	AtLocation	closet
vacuum	IsA	modern invention
vacuum	IsA	state of no air
vacuum	IsA	hard work
vacuum	IsA	space
read book	IsA	pleasant human activity
person	AtLocation	apartment
person	AtLocation	opera
person	IsA	mammal
person	AtLocation	theater
person	AtLocation	quandry
person	AtLocation	conference
person	AtLocation	hospital
person	AtLocation	bus stop
person	IsA	person
person	IsA	many person
person	AtLocation	train station
person	AtLocation	water cool
person	AtLocation	show
person	AtLocation	supermarket
person	AtLocation	military base
person	AtLocation	ship
person	AtLocation	hurry
person	IsA	member of human race
person	AtLocation	synagogue
person	AtLocation	universe
person	AtLocation	zoo
person	AtLocation	space shuttle
person	AtLocation	classroom
person	AtLocation	town
person	AtLocation	wed
person	AtLocation	vehicle
person	AtLocation	war
person	AtLocation	at home
person	AtLocation	in bus
person	IsA	sometimes
person	AtLocation	dwell
person	AtLocation	bedroom
person	AtLocation	water fountain
person	AtLocation	hockey game
person	AtLocation	street corner
person	AtLocation	chemistry lab
person	IsA	often
person	IsA	omnivore
person	IsA	social creature
person	IsA	dammaged by cigarette smoke
person	IsA	resident of state
person	IsA	human be
person	IsA	social animal
person	IsA	individual human be
person	AtLocation	city
person	AtLocation	in desert
person	IsA	synonym for person
person	AtLocation	at airport
person	AtLocation	in boat
person	AtLocation	in bed
person	AtLocation	house
person	IsA	happy when there no war
person	AtLocation	any large city
person	AtLocation	downtown area
person	AtLocation	disco
person	AtLocation	london
person	AtLocation	motel
person	AtLocation	brewery
person	AtLocation	music hall
person	AtLocation	new york city
person	AtLocation	factory
person	AtLocation	department store
person	AtLocation	utah
person	AtLocation	new york
person	AtLocation	police station
person	AtLocation	michigan
person	IsA	rock climb
person	AtLocation	end of line
person	AtLocation	convention
person	AtLocation	carnival
person	AtLocation	dinner
person	AtLocation	race track
person	AtLocation	dire strait
person	AtLocation	relationship
person	IsA	complain about something
person	AtLocation	garage
person	AtLocation	bus depot
person	AtLocation	confession
person	AtLocation	disneyland
person	AtLocation	state park
person	AtLocation	bookstore
person	AtLocation	surface of earth
person	AtLocation	fair
person	AtLocation	gallery open
person	AtLocation	audience
person	AtLocation	subway station
person	AtLocation	cemetery
person	AtLocation	dance club
person	AtLocation	poker
person	AtLocation	laboratory
person	AtLocation	at bookstore
person	AtLocation	at friend house
person	AtLocation	build
person	AtLocation	in germany
person	IsA	not object
person	AtLocation	demonstration
person	AtLocation	long hair in barbershop chair
person	IsA	play saxaphone
person	AtLocation	africa
person	AtLocation	lunch
person	AtLocation	glider
person	AtLocation	prisoner of war camp
person	IsA	social be
person	IsA	competetive
person	IsA	smart than fish
person	IsA	happy when they win something
person	IsA	more healthy if they exercise regularly
person	IsA	puny
person	IsA	born with 2 year
person	IsA	change tire
person	IsA	biological machine
person	IsA	seat male female male female
person	IsA	give trophy for their accomplishment
person	IsA	not born know how to read
person	IsA	kill planet
person	IsA	enamour with famous person
person	IsA	conceive and often die in bed
person	IsA	paddle canoe
person	IsA	use binoculars
person	IsA	puppet
person	IsA	always and will always be
person	AtLocation	village
person	AtLocation	canoe
person	AtLocation	room temperature
person	AtLocation	control
person	AtLocation	battleship
person	AtLocation	bowl alley
person	AtLocation	vineyard
person	AtLocation	marina
person	AtLocation	winery
person	AtLocation	planet earth
person	AtLocation	subway
person	AtLocation	sumo
person	AtLocation	water bottle
person	AtLocation	bob jones university
person	AtLocation	launch pad
person	IsA	fanatic
person	AtLocation	live room
person	IsA	probably dead or severly injure
person	IsA	ski down very steep mountain
person	IsA	cross bridge in forest
person	IsA	put car in garage
person	IsA	play game call polo
person	IsA	applausing former president bill clinton
person	IsA	drink toast
person	IsA	hold pipe
person	IsA	rock or mountain climb
person	IsA	eat dinner together at table
person	IsA	give floppy to someone
person	IsA	cross rope bridge
person	IsA	hold black computer diskette
person	IsA	hold cigarette
person	IsA	climb up hill mountain
person	IsA	sign
person	IsA	wearng hat
person	IsA	strangle chicken
person	IsA	ski down hill
person	IsA	absailing down cliff
person	IsA	climb some rock
person	IsA	ski down snowy hill
person	IsA	hold computer disk
person	IsA	have diner
person	IsA	bike in snow
person	IsA	get marry
person	IsA	ski down big hill
person	IsA	give gift on their birthday
person	IsA	usually on grind
person	AtLocation	love tend to smile more often
person	AtLocation	earth
person	IsA	adult
person	IsA	family
person	IsA	life
person	IsA	man
stair	AtLocation	build
stair	AtLocation	apartment
stair	AtLocation	hotel
stair	AtLocation	in build
stair	AtLocation	two-story build
tan lotion	AtLocation	beach bag
tan lotion	AtLocation	pharmacy
tan lotion	AtLocation	supermarket
tan lotion	AtLocation	my hand at beach
wind	AtLocation	hospital
wind	AtLocation	mountain
wind	AtLocation	patient
wind	IsA	air move
wind	AtLocation	body
wind	IsA	move air
wind	AtLocation	sea
wind	IsA	natural force
wind	IsA	blow
ride horse	IsA	olympic sport
ride horse	IsA	dangerous sport
ride horse	IsA	mode of transportation
ride horse	IsA	popular sport for some person
ride horse	IsA	mandetory when play polo
paper	AtLocation	your printer
paper	IsA	limit resource
paper	AtLocation	on desk
paper	AtLocation	meet
paper	AtLocation	drawer
paper	AtLocation	suitcase
paper	AtLocation	classroom
paper	AtLocation	school
paper	AtLocation	stationary shop
paper	AtLocation	cabinet
paper	AtLocation	at desk
paper	IsA	solid
paper	AtLocation	garbage
paper	AtLocation	stationer
paper	AtLocation	stock certificate
paper	AtLocation	refrigerator
paper	AtLocation	at office
paper	IsA	frequently
paper	AtLocation	waste bin
paper	AtLocation	table
paper	AtLocation	ream
paper	AtLocation	store
paper	IsA	soft so it crumple
paper	IsA	more fractal when crumple
paper	IsA	make ofwood
paper	IsA	wood product
paper	IsA	make from paper pulp
paper	AtLocation	class
paper	AtLocation	backpack
paper	AtLocation	purse
paper	AtLocation	home
paper	AtLocation	papermill
paper	IsA	example of solid
paper	AtLocation	pen
news	AtLocation	on television
news	IsA	that humpty dumpty
news	AtLocation	television
dish	AtLocation	kitchen
dish	AtLocation	pantry
dish	IsA	circle
dish	AtLocation	in cupboard
dish	AtLocation	shelf
dish	AtLocation	fridge
dish	IsA	something
dish	AtLocation	resturant
dish	AtLocation	cabinet
dish	IsA	saucer
dish	AtLocation	table
dish	IsA	plate
burlap	IsA	fabric
burlap	AtLocation	potato shed
burlap	AtLocation	barn
burlap	IsA	sturdy fabric
box	AtLocation	basement
box	AtLocation	closet
box	AtLocation	post office
box	AtLocation	attic
box	AtLocation	loft
box	AtLocation	cellar
box	AtLocation	warehouse
box	AtLocation	in den
box	IsA	computer
box	AtLocation	another box
box	AtLocation	pen
box	AtLocation	bed
box	IsA	useful when move one household
box	AtLocation	garage
box	IsA	container
box	AtLocation	shoe
box	AtLocation	present
box	AtLocation	cardboard
verb	IsA	action word
verb	AtLocation	instruction for assembly
verb	AtLocation	any sentence
verb	IsA	difficult ro congigate for non-native speaker
verb	IsA	part of speech
verb	IsA	word refer to action
table	AtLocation	resturant
table	AtLocation	house
table	IsA	physical object
table	AtLocation	in restaurant
table	AtLocation	library
table	AtLocation	live room
table	AtLocation	room
table	AtLocation	at restaurant
table	AtLocation	furniture store
table	AtLocation	winery
table	IsA	platform
table	AtLocation	rug
table	AtLocation	apartment
table	AtLocation	demonstration
table	AtLocation	in live room
table	AtLocation	in dine room
table	AtLocation	in room
table	AtLocation	post office
table	AtLocation	back of truck
table	AtLocation	hotel
table	AtLocation	mall
table	AtLocation	school
table	AtLocation	store
table	AtLocation	bar
table	AtLocation	loft
table	AtLocation	dine room
table	AtLocation	food
table	AtLocation	kitchen
table	AtLocation	tablecloth
table	AtLocation	dinner
table	AtLocation	plate
glue stick	AtLocation	desk
glue stick	AtLocation	drawer
glue stick	IsA	form of glue
glue stick	AtLocation	office
boat	AtLocation	on sea
boat	IsA	often
boat	IsA	bouyant
boat	IsA	activity
boat	IsA	mean of transport
boat	IsA	sport as be ski
boat	IsA	small than ship
boat	IsA	small ship
boat	IsA	big than shoe
boat	IsA	recreation
boat	IsA	popular recreational vehicle
boat	IsA	go fast
boat	IsA	vehicle type
boat	IsA	place where we feel relaxation
boat	IsA	form of transportation
boat	IsA	on water
boat	AtLocation	harbor
boat	AtLocation	ocean
boat	AtLocation	fish
boat	AtLocation	wood
eiffel tower	IsA	in paris france
eiffel tower	IsA	in france
eiffel tower	IsA	landmark
eiffel tower	IsA	notable sight in paris france
eiffel tower	IsA	engineer masterwork
eiffel tower	IsA	famous landmark in paris
eiffel tower	IsA	phalic object
eiffel tower	IsA	tall than everything immediately around it
eiffel tower	IsA	major tourist attraction in paris
eiffel tower	IsA	big than it look
eiffel tower	IsA	interest construct
eiffel tower	IsA	tourist attraction
eiffel tower	AtLocation	country of france
eiffel tower	AtLocation	paris
eiffel tower	IsA	in paris
ship	IsA	large seagoing vessel
ship	IsA	way to cross ocean
ship	AtLocation	on sea
ship	IsA	mean of transport
ship	IsA	vehicle
ship	AtLocation	bottom of ocean
ship	AtLocation	ocean floor
ship	IsA	big than boat
ship	IsA	pilot by captain
ship	AtLocation	sailor
ship	IsA	submarine
ship	IsA	yacht
ship	AtLocation	ocean
ship	AtLocation	sea
play sport	IsA	about competition
wire	IsA	magazine
wire	AtLocation	space shuttle
wire	AtLocation	computer
wire	AtLocation	electric blanket
swim	IsA	fun sport
swim	IsA	another activity
beaver	AtLocation	zoo
beaver	AtLocation	beaver dam
beaver	AtLocation	beaver trap
beaver	AtLocation	book
beaver	AtLocation	beaver-dam
beaver	AtLocation	wild
beaver	AtLocation	beaver pond
beaver	AtLocation	woodland
beaver	AtLocation	small rivier
beaver	AtLocation	unite state
beaver	AtLocation	beaver lodge
beaver	AtLocation	muscogee river
beaver	AtLocation	wooded stream or lake
beaver	AtLocation	small river
beaver	AtLocation	fur trap
beaver	AtLocation	coorado
beaver	AtLocation	stream
beaver	AtLocation	pond
beaver	AtLocation	creek
beaver	AtLocation	wilderness
beaver	AtLocation	ontario
beaver	AtLocation	garden
beaver	AtLocation	planet
beaver	AtLocation	woodland pond
beaver	AtLocation	it house
beaver	AtLocation	wood near stream
beaver	AtLocation	countryside
beaver	AtLocation	great outdoors
beaver	AtLocation	mit
beaver	AtLocation	wetland
beaver	AtLocation	park
beaver	AtLocation	your pant
beaver	AtLocation	forest
beaver	AtLocation	water
beaver	AtLocation	wood
beaver	AtLocation	river
beaver	IsA	mammal
toilet	AtLocation	rest area
toilet	AtLocation	house
toilet	AtLocation	motel room
toilet	IsA	object that
toilet	AtLocation	plumb shop
toilet	AtLocation	winery
toilet	AtLocation	stadium
toilet	AtLocation	apartment
toilet	AtLocation	mall
toilet	AtLocation	hospital
toilet	AtLocation	bedroom
toilet	AtLocation	store
toilet	AtLocation	airport
toilet	AtLocation	space shuttle
cemetery	AtLocation	city
cemetery	AtLocation	churchyard
cemetery	AtLocation	most city
cemetery	AtLocation	country
cemetery	IsA	sad place
cemetery	AtLocation	ghost
grocer	AtLocation	grocery store
grocer	IsA	someone who sell food
apple	AtLocation	house
apple	IsA	fruit of apple tree
apple	AtLocation	fridge
apple	AtLocation	grocery store
apple	AtLocation	apple orchard
apple	IsA	edible fruit
apple	AtLocation	hang from tree
apple	IsA	live thing
apple	AtLocation	dinner
apple	AtLocation	apartment
apple	IsA	not vegetable
apple	IsA	computer brand
apple	AtLocation	garden
apple	IsA	computer manufacturer
apple	IsA	company name
apple	IsA	domesticate plant
apple	IsA	vegetarian food
apple	AtLocation	greengrocer
apple	IsA	product of domestication
apple	IsA	first domesticate in ancient greece
apple	IsA	best with ice cream
apple	IsA	healthy food
apple	IsA	good food
apple	IsA	important fruit
apple	IsA	like pussy juicy
apple	IsA	fruit rich in vitamin c
apple	IsA	round and grow on tree
apple	IsA	green fruit
apple	IsA	sweet juicy fruit
apple	IsA	healthy fruit to eat
apple	IsA	good projectile
apple	IsA	company
apple	AtLocation	fair
apple	AtLocation	forest
apple	AtLocation	kitchen
apple	AtLocation	resturant
apple	AtLocation	home
apple	AtLocation	build
apple	AtLocation	supermarket
apple	AtLocation	toffee apple
apple	AtLocation	apple tree
apple	IsA	computer
apple	AtLocation	orchard
bridge	IsA	card game
bridge	IsA	man make product
bridge	AtLocation	florida
bridge	AtLocation	texas
bridge	IsA	large structure
bridge	IsA	impressive build
bridge	IsA	hold three person
bridge	IsA	structure
bridge	AtLocation	river
bridge	AtLocation	water
wait room	AtLocation	doctor
wait room	AtLocation	doctor office
wait room	AtLocation	dentist office
wait room	AtLocation	dentist
wait room	AtLocation	airport
wait room	AtLocation	hospital
speaker	AtLocation	shelf
speaker	AtLocation	headphone
speaker	AtLocation	demonstration
speaker	IsA	thing you need to listen to your music
speaker	AtLocation	desk
speaker	IsA	who give speech in public
speaker	AtLocation	drive-in movie
speaker	AtLocation	conference
play poker	IsA	form of gamble
girl	AtLocation	door
girl	IsA	young female human
girl	IsA	young female
girl	IsA	immature human female
girl	AtLocation	movie
girl	IsA	young woman
girl	AtLocation	girl school
girl	IsA	not boy
girl	IsA	wear school uniform
girl	IsA	paddle kayak
girl	IsA	boy so
girl	IsA	afraid of what they weigh
girl	AtLocation	earth
girl	AtLocation	toy store
girl	AtLocation	theater
girl	AtLocation	city
girl	AtLocation	hospital
girl	AtLocation	train station
girl	AtLocation	office
girl	AtLocation	apartment
girl	AtLocation	theatre
girl	AtLocation	department store
girl	AtLocation	town
girl	AtLocation	state park
girl	AtLocation	supermarket
girl	AtLocation	office supply store
girl	AtLocation	university
girl	AtLocation	gym
girl	AtLocation	shop
girl	AtLocation	bedroom
girl	AtLocation	bookstore
girl	AtLocation	bob jones university
girl	AtLocation	street
girl	AtLocation	grocery store
girl	AtLocation	house
girl	AtLocation	build
girl	AtLocation	airport
girl	AtLocation	subway
girl	AtLocation	market
girl	IsA	climb to mountain
girl	IsA	hold dog
girl	IsA	watch something with her father
girl	AtLocation	nice part of town
girl	AtLocation	home economics class
girl	IsA	hold puppy
girl	IsA	child
girl	IsA	kid
girl	IsA	female
girl	AtLocation	school
passenger	AtLocation	bus stop
passenger	AtLocation	on subway
passenger	AtLocation	backseat of car
passenger	AtLocation	airport
passenger	AtLocation	bus depot
passenger	AtLocation	in bus
passenger	AtLocation	in backseat of car
passenger	AtLocation	train station
passenger	AtLocation	on plane
passenger	AtLocation	car
passenger	IsA	person
arm	AtLocation	jacket
arm	IsA	body part
arm	IsA	grab chicken from it neck
arm	IsA	hold computer disk
arm	IsA	hold rubber chicken
arm	AtLocation	muscle
arm	IsA	limb
tree	AtLocation	state park
tree	AtLocation	garden
tree	AtLocation	at park
tree	AtLocation	in forest
tree	AtLocation	in garden
tree	AtLocation	top of mountain
tree	AtLocation	yard
tree	AtLocation	mountain
tree	AtLocation	earth
tree	AtLocation	surface of earth
tree	AtLocation	in park
tree	AtLocation	countryside
tree	IsA	tall than plant
tree	AtLocation	australia
tree	IsA	tall plant
tree	IsA	woody plant
tree	AtLocation	in mountain
tree	AtLocation	mountrain
tree	IsA	thing you see outside
tree	AtLocation	arboretum
tree	IsA	find outdoors
tree	IsA	wonderful part of nature
tree	IsA	raw material for wood
tree	IsA	tall than person
tree	IsA	live thing
tree	AtLocation	fruit
tree	AtLocation	wood
tree	IsA	pine
tree	IsA	elm
tree	AtLocation	shade
tree	IsA	oak
tree	IsA	plant
computer	AtLocation	table
computer	AtLocation	room
computer	AtLocation	build
computer	AtLocation	space shuttle
computer	IsA	office equipment
computer	AtLocation	in office
computer	AtLocation	on desk
computer	AtLocation	at work
computer	AtLocation	jet airliner
computer	AtLocation	grocery store
computer	AtLocation	house
computer	IsA	not person
computer	IsA	excite tool for artist
computer	IsA	our friend
computer	IsA	essential part of today society
computer	IsA	toy for adult
computer	AtLocation	at internet cafe
computer	AtLocation	at mit media lab
computer	IsA	one type of machine
computer	AtLocation	restaurant
computer	AtLocation	new york city
computer	AtLocation	mall
computer	AtLocation	town
computer	AtLocation	resturant
computer	IsA	not sentient be
computer	AtLocation	office build
computer	AtLocation	box
computer	AtLocation	mit
computer	AtLocation	in your room
computer	AtLocation	graphic card
computer	AtLocation	your room
computer	AtLocation	at bookstore
computer	AtLocation	in room
computer	IsA	machine that can run program at very fast speed
computer	AtLocation	in observatory
computer	AtLocation	vehicle
computer	AtLocation	winery
computer	AtLocation	repair shop
computer	IsA	powerfull
computer	IsA	get small every year
computer	IsA	change way person communicate
computer	IsA	not human be
computer	IsA	fast machine
computer	IsA	fast than typewriter
computer	IsA	powerful tool
computer	IsA	take over world
computer	IsA	tool for high efficiency
computer	IsA	tool and friend
computer	IsA	what i be teach you with
computer	IsA	mostly square
computer	IsA	what you be
computer	IsA	useful learn tool
computer	IsA	not intelligent yet
computer	IsA	useful tool
computer	IsA	tool for communicate not calculate
computer	IsA	become more versitile every day
computer	IsA	complicate piece of equipment
computer	IsA	not animal
computer	IsA	source of information
computer	IsA	make encyclopedia extinct
computer	AtLocation	london
computer	AtLocation	submarine
computer	AtLocation	city
computer	AtLocation	plane
computer	AtLocation	planet
computer	AtLocation	shop
computer	AtLocation	music store
computer	AtLocation	hotel
computer	AtLocation	museum
computer	AtLocation	bedroom
computer	AtLocation	church
computer	AtLocation	planet earth
computer	AtLocation	bob jones university
computer	IsA	toolds
computer	IsA	fairly recent invention
computer	AtLocation	computer store
computer	IsA	reduce paper work
computer	AtLocation	store
computer	AtLocation	library
computer	AtLocation	school
computer	IsA	electronic device
computer	AtLocation	your house
computer	AtLocation	program
computer	IsA	apple
computer	AtLocation	desktop
dental floss	AtLocation	bathroom
dental floss	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
dental floss	IsA	long and usually white
welcome mat	AtLocation	front door
welcome mat	AtLocation	porch
fan	AtLocation	hockey game
fan	AtLocation	sport event
fan	AtLocation	football stadium
fan	IsA	machine
fan	AtLocation	south
fan	AtLocation	at concert
fan	AtLocation	ballpark
fan	AtLocation	winery
fan	AtLocation	soccer game
fan	IsA	person
fan	AtLocation	room
fan	AtLocation	home
fan	AtLocation	theater
fan	AtLocation	build
fan	AtLocation	stadium
crater	AtLocation	on moon
crater	AtLocation	suface of moon
crater	AtLocation	moon
pad	AtLocation	carpet
pad	AtLocation	under carpet
pad	IsA	think layer of stuff
chair	AtLocation	school
chair	IsA	sit on
chair	AtLocation	build
chair	AtLocation	floor
chair	AtLocation	church
chair	AtLocation	cubicle
chair	AtLocation	room
chair	AtLocation	theatre
chair	AtLocation	live room
chair	AtLocation	friend house
chair	AtLocation	kitchen
chair	AtLocation	store
chair	AtLocation	office build
chair	AtLocation	at movie
chair	IsA	physical object
chair	AtLocation	at desk
chair	AtLocation	submarine
chair	AtLocation	new york city
chair	AtLocation	meet
chair	AtLocation	theater
chair	AtLocation	furniture store
chair	AtLocation	dine room
chair	AtLocation	any large city
chair	AtLocation	city
chair	AtLocation	garage
chair	AtLocation	town
chair	AtLocation	study room
chair	AtLocation	door
chair	AtLocation	school room
chair	IsA	what person sit in
chair	IsA	for person to sit on
chair	IsA	find near table
chair	IsA	furniture person sit in
chair	IsA	object to sit on
chair	IsA	early invention of civilization
chair	IsA	sit in
chair	IsA	design ergonomically correct
chair	AtLocation	london
chair	AtLocation	gym
chair	AtLocation	planet earth
chair	AtLocation	hotel
chair	AtLocation	office supply store
chair	AtLocation	bob jones university
chair	AtLocation	universe
chair	AtLocation	confession
chair	AtLocation	you
chair	AtLocation	funeral
chair	AtLocation	synagogue
chair	IsA	seat
chair	AtLocation	desk
chair	IsA	place
chair	IsA	sofa
hot tap	AtLocation	bathroom
hot tap	AtLocation	sink
hot tap	AtLocation	flat
orchestra	AtLocation	school
orchestra	AtLocation	at opera
orchestra	AtLocation	concert hall
orchestra	AtLocation	theatre
orchestra	AtLocation	opera
orchestra	AtLocation	theater
orchestra	AtLocation	trombone
orchestra	AtLocation	tuba
orchestra	AtLocation	violin
orchestra	AtLocation	instrument
orchestra	AtLocation	flute
squirrel	AtLocation	yard
squirrel	AtLocation	state park
squirrel	AtLocation	countryside
squirrel	AtLocation	utah
squirrel	AtLocation	country
squirrel	AtLocation	maine
squirrel	AtLocation	city
squirrel	AtLocation	backyard
squirrel	AtLocation	wood
squirrel	AtLocation	unite state
squirrel	AtLocation	on earth
squirrel	AtLocation	new york
squirrel	AtLocation	canada
squirrel	AtLocation	michigan
squirrel	AtLocation	town
squirrel	IsA	mammal
squirrel	IsA	animal
squirrel	AtLocation	forest
squirrel	AtLocation	tree
squirrel	IsA	rodent
bone	AtLocation	vertebrate
bone	AtLocation	museum
bone	AtLocation	your arm
bone	AtLocation	cow
bone	AtLocation	human body
bone	AtLocation	animal
bone	IsA	euphemism for sex
bone	AtLocation	person
bone	IsA	link togeter to form skeleton
bone	IsA	body of vertebrate
bone	IsA	part of skeletal system
bone	IsA	plaything for dog
bone	IsA	part of animal
bone	IsA	important part of person
bone	AtLocation	some kind of soup
bone	IsA	not meat
bone	IsA	something to contend over
bone	AtLocation	fresh fish
bone	AtLocation	tomb
bone	AtLocation	dog mouth
bone	IsA	part of skeleton
bone	AtLocation	hand
bone	AtLocation	bury underground
bone	IsA	what make up our skeleton
bone	AtLocation	subway
bone	AtLocation	beach
bone	AtLocation	restaurant
bone	AtLocation	store
bone	AtLocation	bus
bone	AtLocation	resturant
bone	AtLocation	mall
bone	AtLocation	dinner
bone	AtLocation	boat
bone	AtLocation	home
bone	AtLocation	city
bone	AtLocation	church
bone	AtLocation	house
bone	AtLocation	grind
bone	AtLocation	town
bone	AtLocation	fast food restaurant
bone	AtLocation	school
bone	AtLocation	grocery store
bone	AtLocation	apartment
bone	IsA	activity
bone	AtLocation	supermarket
bone	AtLocation	skeleton
bone	IsA	skull
schedule	AtLocation	train station
schedule	AtLocation	at train station
schedule	AtLocation	airport
island	IsA	body of land
island	IsA	piece of land
island	IsA	completely
island	AtLocation	middle of ocean
island	IsA	small body of land
island	IsA	small land mass
island	IsA	paradise or nightmare
island	IsA	small than continent
island	IsA	piece of land completely
island	IsA	surounded by water
island	IsA	land mass
island	IsA	land
island	IsA	hawaii
island	IsA	ireland
island	IsA	iceland
eraser holder	AtLocation	office
eraser holder	AtLocation	school
room	IsA	part of build
room	AtLocation	in build
room	AtLocation	office build
room	AtLocation	friend house
room	AtLocation	use
room	AtLocation	white house
room	IsA	part of house
room	AtLocation	th house
room	AtLocation	different activity
room	IsA	division inside of house
room	AtLocation	city
room	AtLocation	store
room	IsA	place
room	IsA	bedroom
ride bicycle	IsA	good exercise
ride bicycle	IsA	form of excercise
ride bicycle	IsA	health produce
townhouse	AtLocation	town
townhouse	AtLocation	urbon america
townhouse	AtLocation	suburb
scale	AtLocation	post office
scale	IsA	symbol for justice
scale	AtLocation	doctor
scale	AtLocation	butch shop
scale	AtLocation	room
scale	IsA	symbol of justice
mall	AtLocation	suburb
mall	AtLocation	american suburbia
mall	IsA	build
mall	AtLocation	town
mall	AtLocation	city
mall	IsA	no place for shoot range
mall	IsA	collection of store
mall	AtLocation	bag
lawyer	IsA	person
lawyer	IsA	expert in contract
lawyer	AtLocation	prison
lawyer	AtLocation	hell
lawyer	AtLocation	office
lawyer	AtLocation	court
lawyer	IsA	judge
automobile	AtLocation	garage
automobile	AtLocation	fast lane
automobile	AtLocation	racetrack
automobile	AtLocation	shop
automobile	AtLocation	dealer lot
automobile	AtLocation	side of road
automobile	AtLocation	exit ramp
automobile	AtLocation	slow lane
automobile	AtLocation	curb
automobile	AtLocation	gas station
automobile	IsA	one form of transportation
automobile	AtLocation	freeway
automobile	AtLocation	driveway
automobile	IsA	king
automobile	IsA	man boon and his bane
automobile	IsA	machine for transportation
automobile	IsA	lot like dinosaur
automobile	AtLocation	street
automobile	IsA	truck
car	AtLocation	in garage
car	AtLocation	race track
car	IsA	motor vehicle
car	AtLocation	in street
car	AtLocation	repair shop
car	AtLocation	car dealership
car	AtLocation	on street
car	IsA	transportation device
car	AtLocation	any large city
car	IsA	major cause of pollution
car	AtLocation	on road
car	AtLocation	gas station
car	IsA	fast than bicycle
car	IsA	another name for automobile
car	IsA	mode of transportation
car	IsA	sometimes call auto
car	IsA	large machine with four wheel
car	AtLocation	bottom of lake
car	AtLocation	junkyard
car	AtLocation	show
car	AtLocation	at drive-in movie
car	AtLocation	at car show
car	AtLocation	new york
car	IsA	mean of transportation
car	AtLocation	scrap heap
car	AtLocation	neighbor house
car	IsA	form of personal transportation
car	IsA	popular form of transport
car	IsA	another word for automobile
car	AtLocation	country
car	AtLocation	at park lot
car	AtLocation	in driveway
car	IsA	mechanical device
car	AtLocation	museum
car	AtLocation	store
car	AtLocation	car park
car	IsA	human invention
car	AtLocation	car supermarket
car	AtLocation	smelter
car	AtLocation	need of repair
car	AtLocation	junk yard
car	AtLocation	scrapyard
car	AtLocation	land
car	IsA	good place for sex
car	IsA	usually
car	IsA	go downhill
car	IsA	paint many different color
car	IsA	travel very fast
car	IsA	excellent way to travel
car	IsA	dangerous thing
car	AtLocation	london
car	IsA	there
car	IsA	one kind of thing
car	IsA	inefficent mean of transportation
car	IsA	ecological bomb
car	AtLocation	city
car	AtLocation	park lot
car	AtLocation	car show
car	IsA	bmw
car	IsA	bus
car	AtLocation	road
car	AtLocation	petrol
car	IsA	vehicle
win	IsA	not everything
win	IsA	spectacular feel
some person	IsA	bisexual
some person	IsA	janitor
some person	IsA	democrat
some person	IsA	doctor
some person	IsA	christian
some person	IsA	criminal
some person	IsA	jerk
some person	IsA	afraid fo lizard
some person	IsA	lactose intolerant
some person	IsA	superstious
some person	IsA	poor speller
some person	IsA	uncomfortable socialize
some person	IsA	gift artist
some person	IsA	nervous speak in public
some person	IsA	non-mechanical
some person	IsA	poor than others
some person	IsA	very poor money manager
some person	IsA	very poor housekeeper
some person	IsA	rich some poor
some person	IsA	optimist others pessimist
some person	IsA	good mechanic
some person	IsA	sail
some person	IsA	alergic to fur
biography	IsA	book
heart	IsA	muscle
heart	IsA	pump for blood
heart	AtLocation	person
heart	AtLocation	animal
heart	IsA	muscular organ that pump blood
heart	IsA	vital organ
heart	AtLocation	cadaver
heart	IsA	symbol
heart	IsA	shape
heart	AtLocation	all mammal
heart	IsA	essential organ
heart	IsA	powerful muscle
coral reef	AtLocation	water
coral reef	IsA	delicate ecosystem
coral reef	AtLocation	any ocean
revolver	IsA	firearm
revolver	AtLocation	gun store
revolver	IsA	common handgun
revolver	IsA	weapon
music	IsA	form of entertainment
music	IsA	often
music	AtLocation	movie
music	IsA	sequence of sound
music	IsA	way to let out emotion
music	IsA	art form
music	IsA	life as sound
music	AtLocation	night club
music	IsA	form of expression
music	IsA	hobby
music	IsA	very important part of life
music	AtLocation	napster
music	AtLocation	home with piano
music	AtLocation	music festival
music	IsA	please to hear and play
music	IsA	method of expression
music	IsA	basic human language
music	IsA	mathematics in motion
music	IsA	frequency change
music	IsA	art form deal with sound
music	IsA	mankind noble invention
music	IsA	plesant to listen to
music	IsA	expression of emotion
music	IsA	universal language
music	IsA	part of human nature
music	IsA	very soothe pastime
music	IsA	form of personal expression
music	IsA	expression of feel
music	IsA	expresion of feel
music	IsA	form of think
music	IsA	artform
music	IsA	good hobbie
music	IsA	special kind of sound
music	IsA	common language to all
music	IsA	important part of life
music	IsA	math in form of sound
music	IsA	constantly evolve art form
music	IsA	form of artistic expression
music	IsA	control noise
music	IsA	pleasant sequence of sound
music	IsA	form of recreation
music	IsA	human pastime
music	AtLocation	home
music	IsA	play when person be exercise
music	IsA	sound with pattern
music	IsA	language
music	IsA	form of art
music	IsA	art
music	IsA	note
music	IsA	song
music	IsA	sound
music	IsA	rock
meet friend	IsA	positive experience
surf	IsA	sport
jog	IsA	exercise similar to run
jog	IsA	good exercise
jog	IsA	form of exercise
jog	IsA	hobby
jog	IsA	exercise
electric razor	AtLocation	bathroom
electric razor	AtLocation	k-mart
electric razor	AtLocation	wal-mart
pray	AtLocation	church
isle	AtLocation	church
isle	AtLocation	body of water
isle	AtLocation	ocean
boss	AtLocation	at work
boss	AtLocation	meet
boss	IsA	person
fall	IsA	season
water	AtLocation	surface of earth
water	IsA	heavy than air
water	AtLocation	whirlpool bath
water	AtLocation	jar
water	AtLocation	beer
water	AtLocation	rainstorm
water	AtLocation	water cool
water	AtLocation	enema
water	AtLocation	new york city
water	AtLocation	comet
water	AtLocation	rainbow
water	AtLocation	washout
water	AtLocation	hydroelectric dam
water	AtLocation	steam room
water	AtLocation	water hose
water	AtLocation	septic tank
water	AtLocation	slurpee
water	AtLocation	ice shave
water	AtLocation	cup of coffee
water	AtLocation	wish well
water	AtLocation	slush
water	AtLocation	sewage treatment plant
water	AtLocation	snowball
water	AtLocation	rain cloud
water	AtLocation	reflect pool
water	AtLocation	blizzard
water	AtLocation	ice rink
water	AtLocation	hot tub
water	AtLocation	tributary
water	AtLocation	snowflake
water	AtLocation	tidal wave
water	AtLocation	crush ice
water	AtLocation	wisp
water	AtLocation	teardrop
water	AtLocation	skate rink
water	AtLocation	dew drop
water	AtLocation	perfume
water	AtLocation	frost
water	AtLocation	thunderstorm
water	AtLocation	hot water heater
water	AtLocation	spittle
water	AtLocation	spritzer
water	AtLocation	torrent
water	AtLocation	ice storm
water	AtLocation	grape
water	AtLocation	sleet
water	AtLocation	sump pump
water	AtLocation	watermellon
water	AtLocation	ice cube
water	AtLocation	humidifier
water	AtLocation	downpor
water	AtLocation	droplet
water	AtLocation	dunk tank
water	AtLocation	waterspout
water	AtLocation	soft drink
water	AtLocation	lake or river
water	AtLocation	fish tank
water	AtLocation	apple
water	AtLocation	at beach
water	AtLocation	bathub
water	AtLocation	coffee cup
water	AtLocation	house
water	AtLocation	brewery
water	AtLocation	winery
water	AtLocation	surface of earth be
water	IsA	not air
water	IsA	chemical compound
water	AtLocation	white water rapid
water	AtLocation	water balloon
water	AtLocation	casino
water	AtLocation	china
water	AtLocation	refridgerator
water	AtLocation	in restaurant
water	AtLocation	in bottle
water	IsA	liwuid
water	AtLocation	planet earth
water	AtLocation	bird bath
water	IsA	colorless odorless and tasteless liquid
water	IsA	bouyant
water	IsA	colourless and no smell
water	IsA	clear liquid
water	AtLocation	both swim pool and ocean
water	IsA	clear fluid
water	IsA	liuqid
water	AtLocation	three state solid liquid and gas
water	IsA	essential part of life
water	AtLocation	london
water	AtLocation	store
water	AtLocation	city
water	AtLocation	atlantic ocean
water	AtLocation	pacific ocean
water	AtLocation	salt water
water	AtLocation	saltwater
water	AtLocation	town
water	AtLocation	home
water	AtLocation	build
water	AtLocation	park
water	AtLocation	forest
water	AtLocation	kitchen
water	AtLocation	alcohol
water	IsA	place
water	IsA	reflective surface
water	AtLocation	lake
water	AtLocation	flood
water	IsA	rain
water	AtLocation	stream
water	IsA	ice
water	AtLocation	toilet
water	AtLocation	bottle
water	AtLocation	river
water	IsA	fluid
water	AtLocation	life
smoke	IsA	bad habit
smoke	IsA	expensive habit
smoke	IsA	activity
smoke	IsA	no long consider masculine trait
smoke	IsA	like lung full of happiness
smoke	IsA	cause of lung cancer
smoke	IsA	nasty habit
smoke	IsA	habit form
smoke	AtLocation	product of fire
smoke	AtLocation	air
smoke	AtLocation	fire
cop	AtLocation	street
cop	AtLocation	roadblock
kiss	IsA	way to show affection
kiss	IsA	sign of love
kiss	IsA	way of
kiss	IsA	pleasure
kiss	IsA	not always that romantic
kiss	IsA	sign of affection between human
kiss	IsA	sign of love or affection
kiss	IsA	part of sexual pleasure
kiss	IsA	human emotion
kiss	IsA	form of emotion
kiss	IsA	intimate bond activity
kiss	IsA	way of show affection
kiss	IsA	sign of affection
paint	AtLocation	museum
paint	IsA	form of art
paint	IsA	work of art
paint	IsA	oil based
paint	AtLocation	windowsill
paint	AtLocation	gallery open
paint	IsA	hobby
paint	AtLocation	school
paint	AtLocation	art museum
paint	IsA	stickey
paint	AtLocation	someone
paint	IsA	lot of fun
paint	IsA	usuallly
paint	AtLocation	porch
paint	AtLocation	art show
paint	IsA	picture
paint	IsA	latex
cook	IsA	activity
cook	IsA	hobby
cook	IsA	consider work appropriate for woman
cook	IsA	popular human pastime
cook	IsA	broil
cook	AtLocation	restaurant
study	IsA	room in person house
study	AtLocation	maonr house
study	AtLocation	bust of famous author
study	AtLocation	mansion
study	AtLocation	quiet part of house
study	AtLocation	large house
study	IsA	hard work
study	AtLocation	home
study	AtLocation	big house
study	AtLocation	scientific library
human	AtLocation	library
human	AtLocation	jail
human	AtLocation	space shuttle
human	IsA	social creature
human	AtLocation	bed
human	AtLocation	office build
human	AtLocation	bus
human	IsA	omnivore
human	AtLocation	bathroom
human	AtLocation	chair
human	IsA	social animal
human	AtLocation	bar
human	AtLocation	all area of globe
human	AtLocation	sauna
human	AtLocation	apartment
human	AtLocation	mit
human	AtLocation	china
human	AtLocation	airport
human	AtLocation	hotel
human	AtLocation	movie
human	AtLocation	submarine
human	AtLocation	subway
human	IsA	omnivors
human	IsA	high animal
human	AtLocation	cemetaries
human	AtLocation	train
human	AtLocation	battle
human	AtLocation	shop mall
human	AtLocation	auditorium
human	AtLocation	market
human	AtLocation	art store
human	AtLocation	solar system
human	AtLocation	universe
human	IsA	omnivorous
human	AtLocation	motel
human	AtLocation	zoo
human	AtLocation	theater
human	AtLocation	apartment build
human	IsA	social mammal
human	IsA	semi gregarious animal
human	IsA	different shape
human	IsA	competative
human	IsA	part of natural world
human	IsA	animal so human body make cholesterol
human	AtLocation	hous
human	AtLocation	our solar system
human	AtLocation	aircraft
human	AtLocation	train wreck
human	AtLocation	spacecraft
human	AtLocation	airplane
human	AtLocation	department store
human	AtLocation	war
human	AtLocation	clothe store
human	AtLocation	norway
human	AtLocation	move car
human	AtLocation	coffin
human	AtLocation	mammal family
human	AtLocation	city
human	AtLocation	mall
human	AtLocation	clothe
human	AtLocation	house
human	AtLocation	car
human	AtLocation	earth
human	AtLocation	downtown area
human	AtLocation	fairy tale
human	AtLocation	vehicle
human	AtLocation	supermarket
human	AtLocation	mansion
human	AtLocation	london
human	AtLocation	winery
human	AtLocation	orchestra
human	AtLocation	brewery
human	AtLocation	music hall
human	AtLocation	battlefield
human	AtLocation	military base
human	AtLocation	party
human	AtLocation	police station
human	AtLocation	unite state
human	AtLocation	motion
human	AtLocation	internet cafe
human	AtLocation	band
human	AtLocation	bathtub
human	AtLocation	charge
human	AtLocation	grave
human	AtLocation	new york city
human	IsA	bipedal
human	AtLocation	village
human	IsA	live thing
human	IsA	synonym for person
human	AtLocation	movie theatre
human	AtLocation	cafe
human	AtLocation	subway station
human	AtLocation	on street
human	AtLocation	coutch
human	AtLocation	on moon
human	AtLocation	in house
human	AtLocation	on earth
human	IsA	self destruct creature
human	AtLocation	in germany
human	AtLocation	at home
human	IsA	tool use animal
human	IsA	spacially orient
human	IsA	just begin space exploration
human	IsA	smart than animal
human	IsA	small than mountain
human	IsA	smart than dog
human	IsA	not machine nothing personal
human	IsA	creature of comfort
human	IsA	very social creature
human	IsA	curious creature
human	IsA	social primate
human	IsA	prey to bobcat
human	IsA	overpopulate planet
human	IsA	vane by definition
human	IsA	deplete world forest
human	IsA	careful when in driver seat
human	AtLocation	countryside
human	AtLocation	resturant
human	AtLocation	castle
human	AtLocation	college
human	AtLocation	grocery store
human	AtLocation	chemistry lab
human	AtLocation	hell
human	AtLocation	tree
human	AtLocation	gas station
human	AtLocation	farmhouse
human	AtLocation	bedroom
human	AtLocation	australia
human	AtLocation	toy store
human	AtLocation	bowl alley
human	AtLocation	ballpark
human	AtLocation	soccer game
human	AtLocation	battleship
human	AtLocation	kitchen
human	AtLocation	football team
human	AtLocation	marina
human	AtLocation	vineyard
human	AtLocation	room in house
human	AtLocation	bob jones university
human	AtLocation	atheist
human	AtLocation	greece
human	AtLocation	democracy
human	AtLocation	whorehouse
human	AtLocation	disco
human	AtLocation	loft
human	IsA	hike through dry canyon
human	IsA	ride bike in sunset
human	AtLocation	most part of globe
human	AtLocation	command
human	AtLocation	graveyard
human	IsA	not in garbage
human	AtLocation	downtown
human	AtLocation	their home
human	AtLocation	elevator
human	AtLocation	mortuary
human	IsA	not know as be myrmecophagous
human	AtLocation	trash heap
human	AtLocation	automobile
human	IsA	biped
human	AtLocation	school
human	AtLocation	country
human	AtLocation	home
human	AtLocation	park
human	AtLocation	workplace
human	AtLocation	church
human	IsA	woman
human	AtLocation	love
human	IsA	ape
sun	AtLocation	solar system
sun	AtLocation	in solar system
sun	IsA	light source
sun	IsA	sphere
sun	IsA	big than earth
sun	IsA	orbit by earth
sun	IsA	major heat source
sun	AtLocation	in sky
sun	IsA	g-class star
sun	AtLocation	in spain
sun	IsA	warm than moon
sun	IsA	orbit by planet
sun	IsA	set in west
sun	IsA	set behind house
sun	IsA	set behind farmhouse
sun	IsA	set behind suspension bridge
sun	IsA	big than big goldfish
sun	AtLocation	center of solar system
child	IsA	young than their parent
child	AtLocation	library
child	IsA	young than adult
child	AtLocation	backseat of car
child	IsA	young human
child	IsA	human
child	AtLocation	zoo
child	AtLocation	house
child	AtLocation	most home
child	IsA	indirect victim of family violence
child	AtLocation	creche
child	AtLocation	bed
child	IsA	immature human
child	AtLocation	in backseat of car
child	AtLocation	at park
child	IsA	small adult
child	IsA	small young person
child	IsA	young than his parent
child	AtLocation	car
child	AtLocation	situation
child	AtLocation	bicycle
child	AtLocation	pen
child	AtLocation	scare and lonely
child	AtLocation	bed at night
child	IsA	very impressionable
child	IsA	wise than adult
child	IsA	always young than their parent
child	IsA	play together
child	IsA	light than adult
child	IsA	tasy
child	IsA	scientist
child	AtLocation	this house
child	IsA	teach thing through play
child	IsA	happy when create mess
child	IsA	small version of adult
child	IsA	president of unite state
child	IsA	celebrate boy birthday
child	IsA	source of pride
child	IsA	take care of by adult
child	IsA	small young human
child	IsA	active learner
child	IsA	young and small human be
child	AtLocation	bedroom
child	AtLocation	train station
child	AtLocation	state park
child	AtLocation	apartment
child	AtLocation	foster home
child	AtLocation	earth
child	IsA	animal
child	IsA	do project
child	IsA	immature homo sapiens
child	AtLocation	school
child	IsA	boy
child	IsA	girl
troll	AtLocation	under bridge
troll	AtLocation	bridge
xylophone	IsA	instrument
xylophone	IsA	instrument of music
xylophone	AtLocation	percussion section
xylophone	IsA	musical instrument
xylophone	AtLocation	music store
xylophone	AtLocation	band
xylophone	AtLocation	music shop
xylophone	IsA	percussion instrument
cougar	IsA	wild intelligent predator
cougar	IsA	predator
cougar	IsA	big cat
cougar	IsA	large predator
cougar	AtLocation	cat family
cougar	IsA	wild cat
cougar	IsA	hunter
cougar	IsA	very shy animal and avoid person
cougar	IsA	another specie of cat
cougar	IsA	animal
cougar	IsA	cat
walk	AtLocation	closet in mansion
walk	IsA	form of exercise
walk	IsA	good exercise
walk	AtLocation	closet in master bedroom
walk	AtLocation	closet in house
walk	IsA	aerobic activity
walk	AtLocation	closet in large house
sloth	AtLocation	tropical forest
sloth	AtLocation	rain forest
sloth	AtLocation	south american jungle
sloth	AtLocation	amazon
sloth	AtLocation	jungle
sloth	AtLocation	country
sloth	AtLocation	brazil
sloth	AtLocation	dictionary
sloth	AtLocation	forest or zoo
sloth	AtLocation	aura of light
sloth	AtLocation	my chair
sloth	AtLocation	wild
sloth	AtLocation	amazon rainforest
sloth	AtLocation	tropical jungle
sloth	AtLocation	work
sloth	AtLocation	forest
sloth	AtLocation	jungle tree
sloth	AtLocation	mailbox
sloth	AtLocation	a
sloth	AtLocation	tropic
sloth	AtLocation	earth
sloth	AtLocation	picture book
sloth	AtLocation	alabama
sloth	AtLocation	garden
sloth	AtLocation	rain forrest
sloth	AtLocation	civil service
sloth	AtLocation	countryside
sloth	AtLocation	my ass
sloth	AtLocation	viola house
sloth	AtLocation	costa rica
sloth	AtLocation	zoo
sloth	IsA	animal
sloth	AtLocation	tree
road sign	AtLocation	fork in road
road sign	AtLocation	street corner
give gift	IsA	act of generosity
tank	IsA	war machine
tank	AtLocation	military base
tank	IsA	combat vehicle
tank	IsA	implement of war
tank	IsA	motor vehicle
tank	IsA	weapon of war
tank	IsA	off-road vehicle
tank	IsA	armor combat vehicle
tank	IsA	armor vehicle
tank	IsA	armour for protection against enemy
tank	IsA	mobile armor vehicle
tank	IsA	very powerful weapon
tank	IsA	call metal coffin
tank	IsA	military weapon
tank	AtLocation	road
tank	IsA	critical part of any military
tank	IsA	powerful tool for war
tank	IsA	bad because they kill person
tank	IsA	heavy vehicle
tank	IsA	agood way to get you place
tank	IsA	war car
tank	IsA	weapon in modern terrestrial warfare
tank	IsA	instrument of war
tank	IsA	mighty weapon of war
tank	IsA	engine of war
tank	IsA	equipment
tank	IsA	tool of war
tank	IsA	travel along road
tank	IsA	armour combat vehicle
tank	AtLocation	war
trash	AtLocation	garbage dump
trash	AtLocation	subway
trash	AtLocation	dustbin
trash	AtLocation	trash bin
trash	AtLocation	waste bin
trash	AtLocation	trash
trash	AtLocation	in car
trash	IsA	often
trash	AtLocation	trash can
trash	AtLocation	home
trash	AtLocation	state park
trash	IsA	object
trash	AtLocation	grind
trash	AtLocation	trash disposal
trash	AtLocation	garbage disposal area
trash	AtLocation	rome
trash	AtLocation	house
trash	AtLocation	earth
trash	AtLocation	winery
trash	AtLocation	dumpster
trash	AtLocation	bin
trash	AtLocation	garbage
trash	AtLocation	dump
container	AtLocation	refrigerator
container	AtLocation	pantry
container	AtLocation	cupboard
container	AtLocation	kitchen
container	AtLocation	port
container	AtLocation	another container
container	AtLocation	storage cupboard
container	IsA	object
container	AtLocation	trash
container	IsA	vessel
container	IsA	bottle
container	IsA	jar
container	AtLocation	soup
container	IsA	box
container	IsA	bucket
container	IsA	bag
container	IsA	cup
container	AtLocation	liquid
container	IsA	bin
horse	AtLocation	cavalry
horse	IsA	large animal
horse	IsA	domestic animal
horse	AtLocation	circus
horse	IsA	herd animal
horse	IsA	domesticate animal
horse	IsA	quadruped
horse	IsA	herbivorous
horse	AtLocation	canada
horse	AtLocation	parade
horse	IsA	beautiful creature
horse	IsA	strong animal
horse	AtLocation	country
horse	IsA	sometimes
horse	AtLocation	movie
horse	IsA	hoof mammal
horse	AtLocation	equestrian competition
horse	AtLocation	countryside
horse	IsA	expensive pet
horse	IsA	useful animal
horse	IsA	four legged animal
horse	IsA	animal that transport human across land
horse	IsA	herbivorous mammal
horse	IsA	fast animal
horse	IsA	very fast animal
horse	IsA	smart animal
horse	IsA	large than person
horse	IsA	big than person
horse	IsA	large than human
horse	IsA	heavy than person
horse	IsA	big than human
horse	IsA	large live thing
horse	IsA	good transportation over hilly terrain
horse	IsA	four-legged animal
horse	IsA	social animal and travel in herd
horse	IsA	mammal with four leg
horse	IsA	all different color shape and size
horse	IsA	herbavores
horse	IsA	inefficent mode of transportation
horse	IsA	beautiful beast
horse	IsA	clever animal
horse	IsA	good jumper
horse	IsA	powerful animal
horse	IsA	modern animal
horse	IsA	animal you can ride on
horse	AtLocation	horse box
horse	AtLocation	front of cart
horse	AtLocation	fence field
horse	AtLocation	herd
horse	AtLocation	zoo
horse	AtLocation	harness pull carriage
horse	AtLocation	in texas
horse	AtLocation	oklahoma
horse	AtLocation	mongolia
horse	IsA	not person
horse	IsA	very smart animal
horse	IsA	powerful creature
horse	IsA	form of transport
horse	IsA	many different color
horse	IsA	wild animal
horse	AtLocation	farmland
horse	AtLocation	new york city
horse	AtLocation	unite state
horse	AtLocation	kentucky derby
horse	AtLocation	horse show
horse	IsA	not human
horse	AtLocation	a
horse	AtLocation	farmyard
horse	AtLocation	kentucky
horse	AtLocation	western movie
horse	AtLocation	florida
horse	AtLocation	arizona
horse	IsA	strong than men
horse	IsA	much strong than human
horse	IsA	kind gentle animal
horse	IsA	horse
horse	IsA	strong than person
horse	IsA	pre-industrial transportation
horse	IsA	fast than men
horse	IsA	th genus equus
horse	IsA	beaultiful animal
horse	IsA	plot to one day rule mankind
horse	IsA	groom each other
horse	IsA	watch us
horse	IsA	powerful yet graceful creature
horse	IsA	beauty incarnate
horse	IsA	quadroped mammal
horse	IsA	intelligent animal
horse	IsA	much strong than person
horse	IsA	man second-best friend
horse	IsA	obselete
horse	IsA	strong and fast animal
horse	IsA	call equine
horse	IsA	trainable
horse	IsA	powerful animal to be respect
horse	IsA	often
horse	IsA	both brown
horse	IsA	normally
horse	IsA	very muscular animal
horse	IsA	good aniamls to teach
horse	IsA	love animal
horse	IsA	hooved animal
horse	IsA	domesticate quadrapedal ungulate mammal
horse	IsA	do most of work
horse	IsA	big than house cat
horse	AtLocation	wildlife
horse	AtLocation	live in wildlife
horse	IsA	large than cat dog and person
horse	IsA	call beast of burden
horse	IsA	fast than person
horse	IsA	big four-legged animal
horse	IsA	large than pony
horse	IsA	warm blood hooved animal
horse	IsA	usually
horse	IsA	affective animal
horse	IsA	sociable animal
horse	IsA	social creature
horse	IsA	commonly
horse	IsA	friendly animal
horse	IsA	love companion and fun to ride
horse	IsA	mean of transportation
horse	IsA	form of transportation and entertainment
horse	IsA	animal that be often
horse	IsA	mamals
horse	IsA	plural for horse
horse	IsA	fast move herbivore
horse	IsA	common farm animal
horse	IsA	large land mammal
horse	IsA	very trainable animal
horse	IsA	most commonly
horse	AtLocation	finland
horse	IsA	artist
horse	AtLocation	sumo
horse	IsA	bird
horse	IsA	jump over barrier
horse	IsA	quarter horse
horse	IsA	carry rider over jump
horse	IsA	strong than man
horse	AtLocation	padock
horse	AtLocation	picture book of horse
horse	AtLocation	paddy
horse	IsA	slow than car
horse	IsA	large mammal
horse	IsA	mammal
horse	IsA	jump over fence
horse	IsA	social animal
horse	AtLocation	race track
horse	AtLocation	barn
horse	AtLocation	stable
horse	IsA	zebra
horse	AtLocation	field
horse	AtLocation	cowboy
horse	IsA	equine
horse	IsA	pony
doorbell	AtLocation	front door
sprinkler	AtLocation	on lawn
explosive	AtLocation	construction site
explosive	AtLocation	landmine
explosive	IsA	firework
fungus	AtLocation	warm damp place
fungus	AtLocation	your toenail
fungus	AtLocation	shower stall
fungus	AtLocation	cave
fungus	AtLocation	refrigerator
fungus	AtLocation	laboratory
fungus	AtLocation	salad
fungus	AtLocation	moist place
fungus	AtLocation	damp area
fungus	AtLocation	woodland
fungus	AtLocation	bathroom
fungus	AtLocation	dark damp place
fungus	AtLocation	shower
fungus	AtLocation	dark moist area
fungus	AtLocation	dark moist place
fungus	AtLocation	grind
fungus	AtLocation	warm moist place
fungus	AtLocation	dark damp area
fungus	AtLocation	petre dish
fungus	AtLocation	old cheese
fungus	AtLocation	hollow log
fungus	AtLocation	humid place
fungus	AtLocation	fridge
fungus	AtLocation	humid climate
fungus	AtLocation	damp wood
fungus	AtLocation	pine forest
fungus	AtLocation	mushroom garden
fungus	AtLocation	old food
fungus	AtLocation	dead tree
fungus	AtLocation	shade
fungus	AtLocation	vineyard
fungus	AtLocation	locker room
fungus	AtLocation	biology laboratory
fungus	AtLocation	moldy bread
fungus	AtLocation	wet towel
fungus	AtLocation	yogurt
fungus	AtLocation	nature
fungus	AtLocation	wet place
fungus	AtLocation	old tennis shoe
fungus	AtLocation	damp and dark enviroment
fungus	AtLocation	deseased person
fungus	AtLocation	rot log
fungus	AtLocation	mushroom patch
fungus	AtLocation	dark place
fungus	AtLocation	countryside
fungus	AtLocation	winery
fungus	AtLocation	your basement
fungus	AtLocation	garden
fungus	AtLocation	damp dark area
fungus	AtLocation	wet and humid place
fungus	AtLocation	bathroom wall
fungus	AtLocation	mushroom pizza
fungus	AtLocation	decay matter
fungus	AtLocation	under rock
fungus	AtLocation	refridgerator
fungus	AtLocation	soup
fungus	AtLocation	lawn
fungus	AtLocation	rot wood
fungus	AtLocation	compost pile
fungus	AtLocation	compost
fungus	AtLocation	culture dish
fungus	AtLocation	grocery store
fungus	AtLocation	rot vegetation
fungus	AtLocation	place that be wet
fungus	AtLocation	fall tree
fungus	AtLocation	rotten log
fungus	AtLocation	china
fungus	AtLocation	zoo
fungus	AtLocation	bottle wine
fungus	AtLocation	old clothe
fungus	AtLocation	basement
fungus	AtLocation	swamp
fungus	AtLocation	damp forest
fungus	AtLocation	petri dish
fungus	AtLocation	damp dark place
fungus	AtLocation	girl coochie
fungus	AtLocation	fungus garden
fungus	AtLocation	forest
fungus	IsA	mushroom
fungus	AtLocation	toenail
hockey puck	AtLocation	hockey game
hockey puck	AtLocation	sport good store
hockey puck	AtLocation	hockey arena
hockey puck	IsA	squat cylinder
jelly	AtLocation	refridgerator
jelly	AtLocation	in jar
jelly	AtLocation	jar
soccer field	AtLocation	park
soccer field	AtLocation	soccer stadium
soccer field	AtLocation	school
soccer field	AtLocation	town
ball	AtLocation	soccer game
ball	AtLocation	sport event
ball	AtLocation	toybox
ball	AtLocation	bear
ball	AtLocation	at sport event
ball	AtLocation	baseball game
ball	AtLocation	toy store
ball	AtLocation	street
ball	IsA	spherical object
ball	IsA	common play tool
ball	AtLocation	gymnasium
ball	AtLocation	cricket pitch
ball	AtLocation	pool table
ball	AtLocation	soccer field
ball	AtLocation	hole
ball	AtLocation	snooker table
ball	AtLocation	basketball court
ball	AtLocation	child hand
ball	IsA	something for golfer to hit
ball	AtLocation	child toybox
ball	IsA	basic toy
ball	AtLocation	mouth of puppy
ball	AtLocation	playroom
ball	AtLocation	toy box
ball	AtLocation	closet
ball	IsA	round object
ball	IsA	slang term for teste
ball	IsA	another name for sphere
ball	AtLocation	yard
ball	IsA	round and usually bounce
ball	AtLocation	store
ball	IsA	touch man hand
ball	AtLocation	baseball field
ball	AtLocation	sport
ball	AtLocation	park
ball	IsA	basketball
ball	IsA	toy
ball	AtLocation	beach
ball	IsA	dance
ball	IsA	sphere
accordian	IsA	musical instrument
diamond	IsA	girl best friend
diamond	IsA	precious stone
diamond	IsA	form of carbon
diamond	AtLocation	drill bite
diamond	IsA	expensive stone
diamond	IsA	expensive jewel
diamond	AtLocation	jewelry store
diamond	AtLocation	safe
diamond	IsA	pure carbon
diamond	IsA	flatten square
diamond	IsA	strong material
diamond	IsA	material
diamond	AtLocation	ring
diamond	IsA	shape
diamond	IsA	jewel
diamond	IsA	stone
diamond	IsA	forever
copper	IsA	good conductor of electricity
copper	IsA	good electrical conductor
copper	IsA	metal
be in love	IsA	wonderful feel
mallard	IsA	bird
mallard	IsA	swim in lake
wrench	IsA	useful tool
wrench	IsA	helpful tool
wrench	IsA	necessary tool in every toolbox
wrench	AtLocation	repair shop
wrench	IsA	often in steel
wrench	IsA	handy tool
wrench	IsA	hand tool
wrench	IsA	tool that twist thing
wrench	IsA	very phallic tool
wrench	IsA	for turn nut and bolt
wrench	AtLocation	hardware store
wrench	AtLocation	tool box
wrench	IsA	tool
wrench	AtLocation	toolbox
hand	IsA	hold floppy disk
hand	IsA	body part
hand	AtLocation	end of arm
hand	AtLocation	sockpuppets
hand	AtLocation	house
hand	AtLocation	sport event
hand	AtLocation	keyboard
hand	IsA	human tool
hand	IsA	hold unlabled computer disk
hand	IsA	hold tobacco pipe
hand	IsA	hold prop
hand	IsA	hold stopwatch at zero second
hand	IsA	hold rose
hand	IsA	hold computer disc
hand	IsA	hold some jewelry out for display
hand	IsA	hold pink dart
hand	IsA	hold unlit cigarette
hand	IsA	hold computer floppy disk
hand	IsA	hold straight flush
hand	IsA	hold some handmade jewelry
hand	IsA	hold dart
hand	IsA	appendage
hand	AtLocation	glove
honey	IsA	thick liquid
honey	AtLocation	farmer market
honey	IsA	natural sweetener
honey	IsA	vegetable
clamp	IsA	seafood
clamp	IsA	tool develop long ago
clamp	IsA	vise
wood	AtLocation	hardware store
wood	IsA	brownish color
wood	AtLocation	country
wood	AtLocation	rural area
wood	AtLocation	lumber store
wood	IsA	combustible natural material
wood	IsA	dead tree
wood	IsA	renewable resource
wood	IsA	make short by saw part off
wood	IsA	great place for kid to explore
wood	IsA	strong in tension than compression
wood	AtLocation	tract of undevolped land
wood	IsA	geographical feature
wood	AtLocation	tree
dice	AtLocation	board game
dice	IsA	cube shape
dice	IsA	six-sided
dice	IsA	chancey
dice	IsA	for gamble
dice	IsA	cube with 21 dot
dice	IsA	small cube with six side
dice	IsA	cube
rape	IsA	crime against person
rape	IsA	action
tire pump	IsA	lot of work
tire pump	IsA	usefull for fill bicycle tire
rose	IsA	sign of love
rose	IsA	common symbol of love
rose	AtLocation	different color
rose	IsA	rose be rose
rose	IsA	for girl
rose	IsA	gift of romance
rose	IsA	generaly sign of love
rose	IsA	symbol of romance
rose	IsA	red sometimes
rose	IsA	romantic gift
rose	IsA	elegant flower
rose	IsA	nice gesture
rose	IsA	sign of affection
rose	IsA	consider romantic flower
rose	IsA	not catfood
rose	IsA	flower
rose	IsA	plant
helmet	IsA	hat that protect your head
helmet	IsA	for wimp
bird	AtLocation	park
bird	AtLocation	countryside
bird	IsA	not mammal
bird	AtLocation	in sky
bird	IsA	beautiful creature
bird	IsA	dinosaur
bird	IsA	very beautiful creature
bird	IsA	descendent of dinosaur
bird	AtLocation	in nest
bird	AtLocation	in air
bird	AtLocation	sea
bird	AtLocation	on branch of tree
bird	AtLocation	birdbath
bird	AtLocation	on roof
bird	AtLocation	in rafter
bird	IsA	anima
bird	AtLocation	flock
bird	AtLocation	wild
bird	AtLocation	zoo
bird	AtLocation	in nature
bird	IsA	theorize to have
bird	IsA	metaphor for man yearn spirit
bird	IsA	vertebrate animal
bird	IsA	egglayers
bird	IsA	wonderous creature
bird	IsA	generally
bird	AtLocation	beach
bird	AtLocation	wood
bird	AtLocation	field
bird	AtLocation	state park
bird	IsA	glide through air
bird	IsA	warm-blooded animal
bird	IsA	flap it wing
bird	IsA	often
bird	IsA	lifeform
bird	AtLocation	roof
bird	AtLocation	air
bird	AtLocation	forest
bird	IsA	cardinal
bird	AtLocation	sky
bird	IsA	animal
bird	AtLocation	tree
bird	IsA	parrot
bird	IsA	dove
bird	IsA	eagle
bird	IsA	canary
bird	IsA	robin
bird	AtLocation	cage
bird	AtLocation	nest
bird	IsA	chicken
bird	IsA	hawk
spoon	AtLocation	dinner
spoon	AtLocation	in restaurant
spoon	AtLocation	table set
spoon	AtLocation	supermarket
spoon	AtLocation	cabinet
spoon	AtLocation	glass of ice tea
spoon	AtLocation	bowl
spoon	AtLocation	table
spoon	AtLocation	kitchen
highway	AtLocation	country
highway	AtLocation	between to city
highway	IsA	great feat of engineer
highway	IsA	wide road for car
highway	IsA	australian freeway
highway	AtLocation	unite state
highway	AtLocation	atlas
highway	AtLocation	disrepair
highway	AtLocation	big city
highway	IsA	like river
highway	IsA	not safe place to walk
highway	IsA	road
highway	IsA	freeway
highway	IsA	parkway
bucket	AtLocation	janitor closet
bucket	IsA	pail
bucket	AtLocation	water
bucket	IsA	container
tv	AtLocation	family room
tv	AtLocation	livingroom
tv	AtLocation	in live room
tv	IsA	communication device
tv	AtLocation	in your room
tv	AtLocation	appliance store
tv	AtLocation	your house
tv	IsA	radio receiver
tv	AtLocation	sport bar
tv	AtLocation	build
tv	AtLocation	neighbor house
tv	IsA	short name for television
tv	IsA	short name
tv	IsA	entertainment for person
tv	AtLocation	bedroom
tv	AtLocation	arizona
tv	AtLocation	apartment
tv	IsA	way to relax
tv	IsA	acronym for television
tv	IsA	multimedia device
tv	IsA	household electronic that you can watch television program
tv	AtLocation	house
tv	IsA	abbreviation for television
tv	IsA	television
tv	AtLocation	sitcom
tv	AtLocation	news
blade	AtLocation	figure skate
prince	AtLocation	fairy tale
prince	IsA	royalty
prince	AtLocation	castle
back garden	AtLocation	back yard
back garden	AtLocation	house
ticket office	AtLocation	movie theater
ticket office	AtLocation	arena
ballpoint pen	AtLocation	desk
ballpoint pen	AtLocation	desk drawer
ballpoint pen	AtLocation	your drawer
ballpoint pen	IsA	relatively recent invention
dog	IsA	four legged animal
dog	IsA	consider man best friend
dog	AtLocation	porch
dog	IsA	domestic animal
dog	IsA	bird
dog	IsA	small than elephant
dog	IsA	often
dog	AtLocation	rug
dog	AtLocation	beach
dog	IsA	nice friend
dog	IsA	faithful companion
dog	IsA	great companion
dog	IsA	dog
dog	IsA	loyal pet
dog	IsA	not bird
dog	IsA	great pet
dog	IsA	not cat
dog	IsA	curious animal
dog	IsA	best friend
dog	IsA	good pet
dog	IsA	popular pet
dog	IsA	human companion
dog	IsA	faithful friend and companion
dog	IsA	concidered as pet
dog	IsA	animal human keep as pet
dog	IsA	thing
dog	AtLocation	australia
dog	AtLocation	couch
dog	IsA	not wild animal
dog	IsA	good protector and friend
dog	AtLocation	town
dog	AtLocation	countryside
dog	AtLocation	street
dog	AtLocation	city
dog	AtLocation	africa
dog	AtLocation	utah
dog	AtLocation	dogpound
dog	IsA	example of pet
dog	IsA	curious observer of mankind
dog	AtLocation	in park
dog	IsA	kind of animal
dog	AtLocation	bed
dog	AtLocation	front door
dog	AtLocation	it kennel
dog	IsA	human creation
dog	IsA	men best friend
dog	IsA	faithful pet
dog	IsA	popular family pet
dog	IsA	good companion for human be
dog	IsA	call man best friend
dog	IsA	ideal companion
dog	IsA	domesticate pet of human
dog	IsA	often silly and make person amuse
dog	IsA	great companion for person
dog	IsA	spade and nuddered
dog	IsA	playfull
dog	IsA	nosey
dog	IsA	baseball bat best friend
dog	IsA	small than car
dog	IsA	human best friend
dog	IsA	god spell backwards
dog	AtLocation	london
dog	IsA	biped
dog	AtLocation	country
dog	AtLocation	bedroom
dog	AtLocation	build
dog	AtLocation	apartment
dog	AtLocation	room
dog	AtLocation	live room
dog	AtLocation	earth
dog	IsA	stick it head out window
dog	IsA	hold frisbee in it mouth
dog	IsA	domesticate pet
dog	IsA	underdevelop wolf
dog	IsA	domesticate animal
dog	IsA	good friend
dog	AtLocation	doghouse
dog	AtLocation	table
dog	AtLocation	kennel
dog	IsA	man best friend
dog	IsA	loyal friend
dog	IsA	puppy
dog	IsA	animal
rain	IsA	one type of weather
rain	IsA	weather phenomenon
rain	IsA	release water from sky
rain	IsA	water
rain	IsA	drizzle
staircase	AtLocation	build
staircase	AtLocation	mansion
staircase	IsA	series of riser and tread
staircase	AtLocation	two-story house
staircase	AtLocation	multistory build
staircase	AtLocation	house
ivy	IsA	inedible fruit
sunset	IsA	beutiful
sunset	IsA	colurful
sunset	AtLocation	university
sunset	IsA	orange in color
sunset	IsA	worth watch
sunset	IsA	beautiful thing
sunset	IsA	beautifun
sunset	IsA	verry pretty
sunset	IsA	outdoors
sunset	IsA	god way of say goodnight
play game	IsA	activity
play game	IsA	way of entertainment
counter	AtLocation	auto part store
counter	AtLocation	butch shop
counter	IsA	flat horizontal surface
tablespoon	AtLocation	kitchen drawer
tablespoon	IsA	large than teaspoon
tablespoon	AtLocation	kitchen
tablespoon	IsA	big than teaspoon
tablespoon	AtLocation	china cabinet
tablespoon	AtLocation	drawer
tablespoon	IsA	way of measure basil
band	AtLocation	wed
band	IsA	group of musician
band	AtLocation	trumpet
band	AtLocation	guitar
bullet	AtLocation	war
waiter	AtLocation	resturant
waiter	AtLocation	in restaurant
waiter	AtLocation	cafe
waiter	IsA	serve food to some person
exercise	IsA	way of cope with stress
exercise	IsA	event
exercise	IsA	key to long life
exercise	IsA	important especially as you grow old
exercise	IsA	necessary fot good health
exercise	IsA	important regardless of age
exercise	IsA	one way not to be lazy
watch	IsA	chronometer
watch	IsA	mechanical mean of measure time
watch	AtLocation	watch store
watch	IsA	portable time-telling device
watch	IsA	we measure time
watch	IsA	intricate machine
watch	IsA	clock
sofa bed	AtLocation	live room
sofa bed	AtLocation	livingroom
sofa bed	AtLocation	guest room
sofa bed	AtLocation	someone bedroom
lie	IsA	unreliable information
lie	IsA	unhelpful information
lie	IsA	inaccurate information
lie	IsA	false statement
lie	AtLocation	politics
lie	AtLocation	political debate
lie	AtLocation	tabloid newspaper
pawn	IsA	chess piece
pawn	AtLocation	chess game
pawn	AtLocation	chess set
pawn	AtLocation	scheme
wing	AtLocation	large build
wing	IsA	limb
wing	AtLocation	mansion
wing	AtLocation	hotel
wing	IsA	branch of build
picture frame	AtLocation	art store
picture frame	AtLocation	art show
picture frame	AtLocation	in your house
picture frame	AtLocation	wall
chess queen	AtLocation	chess set
chess queen	AtLocation	chess board
chess queen	IsA	one piece
chess queen	AtLocation	chess game
chess queen	IsA	chesspiece
chess queen	AtLocation	game store
tearoom	AtLocation	england
tearoom	AtLocation	london
tearoom	AtLocation	build
razor	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
razor	AtLocation	bathroom
razor	IsA	tool
razor	AtLocation	drawer
razor	AtLocation	shower
west virginia	IsA	state
orchestra pit	AtLocation	theatre
orchestra pit	AtLocation	auditorium
orchestra pit	AtLocation	opera
orchestra pit	AtLocation	concert theater
gasoline	AtLocation	city
gasoline	AtLocation	gas station
gasoline	IsA	liquid fuel
gasoline	AtLocation	in car
gasoline	AtLocation	small aircraft fuel tank
gasoline	AtLocation	gas tank
gasoline	AtLocation	refinery
gasoline	AtLocation	lawn mower
gasoline	IsA	petrol
gasoline	IsA	liquid
gasoline	IsA	fuel
gasoline	AtLocation	energy
harp	IsA	expensive musical instrument
harp	IsA	string instrument
harp	IsA	string musical instrument
harp	IsA	instrument
harp	IsA	lyre
pain	AtLocation	body part
pain	IsA	bad sensation
pain	AtLocation	but
pain	AtLocation	ass
pain	AtLocation	battlefield
pain	IsA	agony
check in counter	AtLocation	airport
japanese restaurant	AtLocation	large city
japanese restaurant	AtLocation	large town
japanese restaurant	AtLocation	major city
stethoscope	IsA	device
stethoscope	IsA	listen to person heart
stethoscope	IsA	medical device
stethoscope	IsA	medical instrument
stethoscope	IsA	listen device
stethoscope	AtLocation	doctor office
stethoscope	IsA	relatively recent medical invention
stethoscope	IsA	useful tool
bobby pin	AtLocation	woman hair
bobby pin	IsA	very small object
bobby pin	IsA	hair style tool
bobby pin	AtLocation	dresser drawer
bar	IsA	place
bar	AtLocation	city
bar	AtLocation	airport
bar	AtLocation	public house
bar	AtLocation	cell
bar	AtLocation	beer
bar	AtLocation	tab
gun	IsA	type of weapon
gun	AtLocation	military base
gun	AtLocation	sport good store
gun	AtLocation	crime scene
gun	AtLocation	metal detector
gun	IsA	often
gun	IsA	firearm that shoot bullet
gun	AtLocation	drawer
gun	IsA	excellent source of fatal accident
gun	AtLocation	police station
gun	IsA	dangerous tool
gun	IsA	cause of massacre
gun	AtLocation	police car
gun	IsA	pistol
gun	IsA	weapon
footstool	IsA	piece of furniture
friend	AtLocation	his house
friend	IsA	human
friend	AtLocation	movie
friend	IsA	person whom
friend	AtLocation	me
friend	AtLocation	door
friend	AtLocation	fraternity house
friend	AtLocation	at school
friend	AtLocation	any large city
friend	AtLocation	toy store
friend	AtLocation	classroom
friend	AtLocation	theater
friend	AtLocation	workplace
friend	AtLocation	chemistry lab
friend	AtLocation	bank
friend	AtLocation	england
friend	AtLocation	jail
friend	AtLocation	outer space
friend	AtLocation	italy
friend	AtLocation	office
friend	AtLocation	park
friend	AtLocation	build
friend	AtLocation	library
friend	AtLocation	apartment
friend	IsA	close companion
teakettle	AtLocation	hardware department
teakettle	AtLocation	water
teakettle	AtLocation	kitchen
teakettle	AtLocation	japanese tea room
teakettle	AtLocation	your table
teakettle	AtLocation	restaurant
teakettle	AtLocation	refrigerator
teakettle	AtLocation	cabinet
kitchen utensil	AtLocation	sink
kitchen utensil	AtLocation	drawer
john	IsA	boy name
john	IsA	hunter
john	IsA	cry
grass	AtLocation	grind
grass	IsA	arounds house
grass	AtLocation	in meadow
grass	AtLocation	at park
grass	AtLocation	tree
grass	AtLocation	on lawn
grass	AtLocation	in field
grass	AtLocation	town
grass	AtLocation	city
grass	IsA	thing you see outside
grass	AtLocation	corner of two street
grass	IsA	green on other side
grass	AtLocation	lawn
velvet	AtLocation	fabric store
velvet	AtLocation	clothe
velvet	IsA	soft fuzzy fabric
velvet	AtLocation	material shop
velvet	IsA	cloth
velvet	IsA	fabric
dance	IsA	great way to relieve tension
dance	IsA	form of exercise
dance	AtLocation	friend wed
dance	IsA	social skill
dance	IsA	act
dance	IsA	social ritual
dance	IsA	part of courtship
dance	IsA	human custom
dance	IsA	social activity
dance	IsA	form of human social interaction
dance	IsA	good excercise
dance	IsA	fun activity
dance	IsA	artistic expression
dance	IsA	waltz
dance	IsA	ballet
dance	IsA	salsa
voice	AtLocation	classroom
voice	AtLocation	band
voice	AtLocation	class
voice	AtLocation	song
key	AtLocation	keychain
key	AtLocation	your pocket
key	IsA	clue in riddle
key	AtLocation	your front pocket
key	AtLocation	shelf
key	AtLocation	bank
key	AtLocation	keyhole
key	AtLocation	keyring
key	IsA	machine
key	IsA	special tool
key	AtLocation	build
key	AtLocation	pocket
key	AtLocation	purse
key	AtLocation	house
key	AtLocation	piano
poet	AtLocation	his home
poet	AtLocation	unemployment line
poet	AtLocation	his her home
balalaika	AtLocation	music store
balalaika	AtLocation	symphony
squash court	AtLocation	rich person house
sand	AtLocation	sandbox
sand	AtLocation	at beach
sand	AtLocation	bottom of ocean
sand	AtLocation	your shoe
sand	AtLocation	on beach
sand	AtLocation	surface of earth
sand	IsA	also
sand	AtLocation	bottom of sea
sand	AtLocation	your toe
sand	IsA	plentifull
sand	AtLocation	hourglass
sand	AtLocation	desert
clock	IsA	machine
clock	AtLocation	shelf
clock	AtLocation	office build
clock	AtLocation	house
clock	IsA	very complex machine
clock	AtLocation	airport
clock	IsA	device for measure time
clock	AtLocation	table
clock	AtLocation	office
clock	AtLocation	your own bedroom
clock	IsA	interest invention
clock	IsA	mechanical device
clock	AtLocation	hang on wall
clock	AtLocation	school
clock	AtLocation	build
clock	AtLocation	desk
clock	AtLocation	wall
clock	IsA	watch
cloth	AtLocation	fabric store
cloth	AtLocation	kitchen
cloth	IsA	weave plant material
cloth	AtLocation	closet
cloth	AtLocation	bedroom
cloth	AtLocation	australia
cloth	AtLocation	linen store
cloth	AtLocation	linen closet
cloth	AtLocation	art and craft store
cloth	AtLocation	clothe process plant
indian ocean	AtLocation	india
indian ocean	AtLocation	east
indian ocean	AtLocation	asia
mother	IsA	female parent
mother	IsA	child of her mother
mother	AtLocation	at home
mother	AtLocation	bed
mother	IsA	hold child
mother	IsA	hold baby
mother	AtLocation	her house
mother	AtLocation	in park
mother	AtLocation	apartment
mother	AtLocation	bedroom
mother	AtLocation	school
mother	AtLocation	store
mother	AtLocation	library
mother	AtLocation	build
mother	IsA	lift her young child
mother	AtLocation	house
mother	AtLocation	old woman
mother	AtLocation	kitchen
mother	IsA	woman
toy soldier	AtLocation	toy box
toy soldier	AtLocation	child bedroom
toy soldier	AtLocation	some movie
hardware shop	AtLocation	city
hardware shop	AtLocation	mall
hardware shop	AtLocation	town
wrestle	IsA	fight
glove	IsA	for weenie
glove	IsA	like our body without soul
glove	AtLocation	hand
glove	AtLocation	finger
glove	IsA	mitten
wash machine	AtLocation	your house
wash machine	AtLocation	cellar
wash machine	IsA	modersn convenience
wash machine	IsA	machine
wash machine	AtLocation	laundromat
wash machine	IsA	electric appliance
wash machine	AtLocation	laundrette
screwdriver	AtLocation	tool belt
screwdriver	IsA	useful tool
screwdriver	AtLocation	toolbox
screwdriver	AtLocation	tool box
screwdriver	IsA	drink
movie house	AtLocation	city
sister	IsA	female sibling
sister	AtLocation	your family
sister	AtLocation	family reunion
sister	AtLocation	house
sister	IsA	sibling who be female
sister	IsA	sibling
hourglass	IsA	measure time
hourglass	IsA	old way of tell time
hourglass	IsA	outdated way to measure time
hourglass	IsA	primitive time-measuring tool
hourglass	IsA	ancient time-keeping device
hourglass	IsA	way to measure time
hourglass	IsA	one device that measure time
whale	IsA	marine mammal
whale	IsA	large marine mammal
whale	AtLocation	in ocean
whale	AtLocation	zoo
whale	IsA	mammal without leg
whale	IsA	not submarine
whale	IsA	animal
whale	AtLocation	ocean
shirt	IsA	item of clothe
shirt	AtLocation	suitcase
shirt	AtLocation	garderobe
shirt	AtLocation	dirty laundry basket
shirt	AtLocation	dresser
shirt	IsA	article of clothe
shirt	AtLocation	store
shirt	IsA	form of clothe
shirt	AtLocation	closet
microphone	IsA	not food
microphone	AtLocation	tv station
microphone	AtLocation	concert hall
microphone	IsA	tool
microphone	IsA	not to be eat
microphone	AtLocation	radio studio
mountain	AtLocation	surface of earth
mountain	AtLocation	canada
mountain	AtLocation	mountainous region
mountain	IsA	tall than hill
mountain	AtLocation	austria
mountain	IsA	symbol of power and majesty
mountain	IsA	highland
mountain	AtLocation	on surface of earth
mountain	AtLocation	tree
mountain	AtLocation	in bavaria
mountain	IsA	high than area around them
mountain	IsA	large than hill
mountain	IsA	big rock only biggger
mountain	IsA	very tall hill
mountain	IsA	high than sea
mountain	IsA	cold especially on top
mountain	IsA	earthen plate push together
mountain	AtLocation	planet earth
mountain	IsA	far away
mountain	IsA	high peak of land
mountain	AtLocation	new mexico
mountain	AtLocation	pennsylvania
mountain	IsA	beautiful place to have vacation
mountain	AtLocation	large body of land
mountain	AtLocation	rock
mountain	AtLocation	climber
mountain	AtLocation	colorado
mountain	AtLocation	snow
mountain	AtLocation	peak
umbrella	AtLocation	closet
umbrella	AtLocation	umbrella stand
umbrella	IsA	device to protect something
umbrella	AtLocation	jacket closet
umbrella	AtLocation	car
umbrella	AtLocation	front door
umbrella	AtLocation	swim pool
umbrella	IsA	candy
umbrella	IsA	necessity in hard rain
umbrella	AtLocation	many color and pattern
umbrella	AtLocation	garage
tin	AtLocation	shop bag
tin	AtLocation	cupboard
tin	IsA	metal
string instrument	IsA	musical instrument
string instrument	AtLocation	band
string instrument	AtLocation	rock band
string instrument	AtLocation	string quartet
family room	IsA	room
family room	IsA	not always
family room	IsA	popular gather place
ticket booth	AtLocation	train station
ticket booth	AtLocation	metro station
ticket booth	AtLocation	movie theatre
ticket booth	AtLocation	subway
ticket booth	AtLocation	auditorium
telephone booth	AtLocation	gas station
telephone booth	AtLocation	london
telephone booth	AtLocation	urban area
telephone booth	AtLocation	city
monocle	IsA	eye glass for one eye
car park	AtLocation	city
car park	IsA	place to park car
car park	AtLocation	motel
car park	IsA	place where you park car
be	IsA	insect
be	AtLocation	swarm
be	AtLocation	beehive
be	IsA	passive verb
be	AtLocation	countryside
be	IsA	example of obvious relationship
hook	AtLocation	end of line
north dakota	IsA	state
harpsichord	IsA	musical instrument
harpsichord	AtLocation	band
harpsichord	IsA	string instrument
harpsichord	IsA	keyboard instrument
harpsichord	AtLocation	classical music orchestra
harpsichord	AtLocation	concert
harpsichord	AtLocation	music store
harpsichord	AtLocation	concert hall
dine room	IsA	room where person eat
dine room	IsA	room
dine room	IsA	place to eat food
dine room	AtLocation	restaurant
dine room	AtLocation	mansion
dine room	AtLocation	home
dine room	IsA	place to eat
body	AtLocation	burried in grind
body	AtLocation	heart
body	AtLocation	skin
park lot	AtLocation	city
park lot	AtLocation	mall
park lot	AtLocation	airport
park lot	AtLocation	shop center
park lot	IsA	place where person store car
park lot	AtLocation	shop mall
cafe	AtLocation	city
cafe	AtLocation	london
cafe	AtLocation	town
cafe	AtLocation	large city
cafe	AtLocation	build
cafe	AtLocation	paris
small dog	AtLocation	yard
small dog	AtLocation	cage
small dog	AtLocation	small dog house
small dog	AtLocation	bed
small dog	AtLocation	old lady apartment
small dog	AtLocation	lap
small dog	AtLocation	someone lap
small dog	AtLocation	backyard
small dog	AtLocation	dog show
small dog	AtLocation	pet store
small dog	AtLocation	house
small dog	AtLocation	someone home
small dog	AtLocation	animal shelter
small dog	AtLocation	petshop
small dog	AtLocation	vet
small dog	AtLocation	basket
small dog	AtLocation	city
small dog	AtLocation	small house
small dog	AtLocation	person house
small dog	AtLocation	home
small dog	AtLocation	small cage
small dog	AtLocation	your own home
small dog	AtLocation	chinese food
small dog	AtLocation	apartment house
small dog	AtLocation	ahouse
small dog	AtLocation	old lady home
small dog	AtLocation	big litter
small dog	AtLocation	owner house
small dog	AtLocation	small pet carrier
small dog	AtLocation	car
small dog	AtLocation	laboratory
small dog	AtLocation	aspca
small dog	AtLocation	petstore
small dog	AtLocation	grandma house
small dog	AtLocation	owner lap
small dog	AtLocation	park
small dog	AtLocation	pet shop
small dog	AtLocation	build
small dog	AtLocation	london
small dog	AtLocation	new york city
small dog	AtLocation	town
small dog	AtLocation	big house
small dog	AtLocation	pet pound
small dog	AtLocation	fat lady lap
small dog	AtLocation	georgia
small dog	AtLocation	live room
small dog	AtLocation	small apartment
small dog	AtLocation	litter
small dog	AtLocation	village
small dog	AtLocation	earth
small dog	AtLocation	leash
small dog	AtLocation	par
small dog	AtLocation	small dog cage
small dog	AtLocation	good hand
small dog	AtLocation	obedience school
small dog	AtLocation	my ass
wiener dog	AtLocation	germany
wiener dog	AtLocation	hot dog bun
wiener dog	AtLocation	dog pound
wiener dog	AtLocation	pet shop
wiener dog	AtLocation	hot dog roll
wiener dog	AtLocation	refrigerator
wiener dog	AtLocation	dog house
wiener dog	AtLocation	vet office
wiener dog	AtLocation	circus
wiener dog	AtLocation	grocery store
wiener dog	AtLocation	shop
wiener dog	AtLocation	dog kennel
wiener dog	AtLocation	sweater
wiener dog	IsA	common pet
wiener dog	AtLocation	microwave
wiener dog	AtLocation	portable hotdog stand
wiener dog	AtLocation	hot-dog stand
wiener dog	AtLocation	lunchbox
wiener dog	AtLocation	person stomach
wiener dog	AtLocation	lunchbag
wiener dog	AtLocation	baseball park
wiener dog	AtLocation	chicago
wiener dog	AtLocation	kiosk
wiener dog	AtLocation	rich old lady house
wiener dog	AtLocation	couch
wiener dog	AtLocation	comic strip
wiener dog	AtLocation	apartment
wiener dog	AtLocation	home
wiener dog	AtLocation	bun
wiener dog	AtLocation	pound
wiener dog	AtLocation	hot dog stand
wiener dog	AtLocation	dog show
wiener dog	AtLocation	city
wiener dog	AtLocation	ballpark
wiener dog	AtLocation	cage
wiener dog	AtLocation	garden
wiener dog	AtLocation	london
wiener dog	AtLocation	earth
wiener dog	AtLocation	game
wiener dog	IsA	pet
wiener dog	AtLocation	walk slowly
wiener dog	AtLocation	a
wiener dog	AtLocation	wiener bun
wiener dog	AtLocation	baseball snack shop
wiener dog	AtLocation	weiner-dog land
wiener dog	AtLocation	my ass
wiener dog	AtLocation	yard
potato	AtLocation	root cellar
potato	AtLocation	your pantry
potato	AtLocation	cellar
potato	AtLocation	pantry
potato	AtLocation	potato salad
potato	AtLocation	grocery
potato	AtLocation	store
potato	AtLocation	microwave
potato	AtLocation	produce store
potato	AtLocation	grocery store
potato	AtLocation	supermarket
potato	AtLocation	grocer shop
potato	AtLocation	potato bin
potato	AtLocation	food market
potato	AtLocation	potato farm
potato	AtLocation	farmer field
potato	AtLocation	bag
potato	IsA	root vegetable
potato	AtLocation	plate
potato	AtLocation	new hampshire
potato	AtLocation	french fry
potato	AtLocation	refridgerator
potato	AtLocation	potato sack
potato	AtLocation	farmer market
potato	AtLocation	grocer
potato	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
potato	AtLocation	food store
potato	AtLocation	pan
potato	AtLocation	produce section
potato	AtLocation	maine
potato	AtLocation	underground
potato	AtLocation	germany
potato	AtLocation	sack of potato
potato	AtLocation	field
potato	AtLocation	irish stew
potato	AtLocation	garden
potato	AtLocation	farmland
potato	AtLocation	bin
potato	AtLocation	bag of potato
potato	AtLocation	countryside
potato	AtLocation	casserole
potato	AtLocation	apartment
potato	IsA	domesticate plant
potato	AtLocation	spud launcher
potato	IsA	popular starchy root vegetable
potato	AtLocation	cashier
potato	AtLocation	shop
potato	AtLocation	resturant
potato	AtLocation	contain
potato	AtLocation	summer
potato	AtLocation	your own freezer
potato	AtLocation	poraro bin
potato	AtLocation	exhaust pipe
potato	AtLocation	tin foil
potato	AtLocation	basket next to frige
potato	AtLocation	market
potato	AtLocation	kitchen
potato	AtLocation	restaurant
potato	IsA	vegetable
potato	AtLocation	ireland
potato	AtLocation	soil
potato	AtLocation	dirt
mouse	AtLocation	corn field
mouse	AtLocation	cellar
mouse	AtLocation	attic
mouse	AtLocation	sewer
mouse	AtLocation	desk
mouse	AtLocation	cat mouth
mouse	AtLocation	disneyland
mouse	AtLocation	kitchen
mouse	AtLocation	grainery
mouse	AtLocation	your attic
mouse	AtLocation	pantry
mouse	AtLocation	your kitchen
mouse	AtLocation	computer store
mouse	AtLocation	old barn
mouse	AtLocation	research laboratory
mouse	AtLocation	garden
mouse	AtLocation	wall
mouse	AtLocation	your yard
mouse	AtLocation	abandon house
mouse	AtLocation	town
mouse	AtLocation	farmland
mouse	AtLocation	dirty house
mouse	AtLocation	grain bin
mouse	AtLocation	new york
mouse	AtLocation	your own home
mouse	AtLocation	cornfield
mouse	AtLocation	computer lab
mouse	AtLocation	countryside
mouse	AtLocation	grain silo
mouse	AtLocation	desert house
mouse	AtLocation	your garage
mouse	AtLocation	abandonned house
mouse	AtLocation	wall space
mouse	AtLocation	abandon build
mouse	AtLocation	treadmill
mouse	AtLocation	pc store
mouse	AtLocation	home
mouse	AtLocation	india
mouse	AtLocation	terrarium
mouse	AtLocation	old garbage can
mouse	AtLocation	exercise wheel
mouse	AtLocation	any room of house
mouse	AtLocation	cat stomach
mouse	AtLocation	office
mouse	AtLocation	wood pile
mouse	AtLocation	barn
mouse	AtLocation	meadow
mouse	AtLocation	wall of house
mouse	AtLocation	texas
mouse	AtLocation	canada
mouse	AtLocation	france
mouse	AtLocation	any large city
mouse	AtLocation	city
mouse	AtLocation	mousehouse
mouse	AtLocation	grain
mouse	IsA	small animal
mouse	AtLocation	lab maze
mouse	AtLocation	department store
mouse	AtLocation	tom and jerry cartoon
mouse	AtLocation	grain field
mouse	AtLocation	small hole
mouse	IsA	input device
mouse	AtLocation	inside wall
mouse	AtLocation	in burrow
mouse	AtLocation	in hole in grind
mouse	IsA	mammalian
mouse	AtLocation	bar
mouse	AtLocation	london
mouse	AtLocation	comic
mouse	AtLocation	cabinet
mouse	AtLocation	restaurant
mouse	AtLocation	fridge
mouse	AtLocation	unite state
mouse	AtLocation	park
mouse	AtLocation	vineyard
mouse	AtLocation	earth
mouse	AtLocation	bathroom
mouse	AtLocation	room
mouse	AtLocation	closet
mouse	AtLocation	bob jones university
mouse	AtLocation	country
mouse	AtLocation	loft
mouse	AtLocation	snake mouth
mouse	AtLocation	gap behind skirting-boards
mouse	AtLocation	office build
mouse	AtLocation	rice field
mouse	AtLocation	grassy field
mouse	AtLocation	the'mouse house toy
mouse	AtLocation	empty build
mouse	AtLocation	hole in wall
mouse	AtLocation	cupboard
mouse	AtLocation	garage
mouse	AtLocation	laboratory
mouse	AtLocation	house
mouse	AtLocation	button
mouse	IsA	rat
mouse	IsA	rodent
mouse	AtLocation	hole
mouse	AtLocation	cheese
mouse	IsA	animal
frog	AtLocation	lawn
frog	AtLocation	wild
frog	AtLocation	park
frog	AtLocation	sea
frog	AtLocation	beach
frog	AtLocation	forest
frog	IsA	type of animal
frog	AtLocation	field
frog	IsA	mammal
frog	AtLocation	any ocean
frog	AtLocation	zoo
frog	AtLocation	meadow
frog	AtLocation	pond
frog	IsA	amphibian
frog	AtLocation	water
pencil	AtLocation	pencil-case
pencil	AtLocation	drawer
pencil	AtLocation	classroom
pencil	AtLocation	at school
pencil	AtLocation	pencil case
pencil	AtLocation	pencil holder
pencil	AtLocation	office
pencil	AtLocation	desk drawer
pencil	AtLocation	schooldesk
pencil	AtLocation	in class
pencil	AtLocation	at desk
pencil	IsA	easy to erase than pen
pencil	AtLocation	office supply store
pencil	AtLocation	cup
pencil	AtLocation	store
pencil	AtLocation	at work
pencil	IsA	eye liner
pencil	AtLocation	on he desk
pencil	AtLocation	in pencil case
pencil	AtLocation	your desk
pencil	AtLocation	on desk
pencil	IsA	write instrument
pencil	IsA	tool for write and draw
pencil	AtLocation	someone ear
pencil	AtLocation	meet
pencil	AtLocation	graphite
garbage	AtLocation	garbage can
garbage	AtLocation	garbage truck
garbage	IsA	usually
garbage	AtLocation	waste bin
garbage	IsA	waste material
garbage	AtLocation	trash truck
garbage	AtLocation	trashcan
garbage	AtLocation	on grind
garbage	AtLocation	garbage basket
garbage	AtLocation	trash
garbage	AtLocation	can
garbage	AtLocation	landfill
unite state	AtLocation	north america
unite state	AtLocation	map
unite state	IsA	country in north america
unite state	AtLocation	america
unite state	AtLocation	western hemisphere
unite state	IsA	wealthy nation
unite state	IsA	country
unite state	AtLocation	northern hemisphere
unite state	AtLocation	history book
unite state	IsA	very powerful country
unite state	IsA	large nation
unite state	IsA	one country in world
unite state	IsA	free country
unite state	IsA	state
unite state	IsA	nation
unite state	IsA	great country
unite state	IsA	not
movie theater	AtLocation	mall
movie theater	AtLocation	town
movie theater	AtLocation	city
movie theater	AtLocation	suburban mall
monkey	AtLocation	south america
monkey	AtLocation	tropical forest
monkey	AtLocation	jungel
monkey	AtLocation	book
monkey	AtLocation	rain forest
monkey	AtLocation	african jungle
monkey	AtLocation	treetop
monkey	AtLocation	brazil
monkey	AtLocation	madagascar
monkey	AtLocation	nature
monkey	AtLocation	tree top
monkey	AtLocation	amazon
monkey	AtLocation	movie
monkey	AtLocation	unite state
monkey	AtLocation	cage in zoo
monkey	AtLocation	work
monkey	AtLocation	cartoon
monkey	AtLocation	south africa
monkey	AtLocation	laboratory
monkey	AtLocation	playful mood
monkey	AtLocation	cage at zoo
monkey	AtLocation	research laboratory
monkey	AtLocation	soup
monkey	AtLocation	china
monkey	AtLocation	unite state of america
monkey	AtLocation	story book
monkey	AtLocation	great outdoors
monkey	AtLocation	movie planet of ape
monkey	IsA	not invertibrates
monkey	AtLocation	your soup
monkey	IsA	primate
monkey	IsA	chimpanzee
monkey	AtLocation	tree
monkey	AtLocation	zoo
monkey	AtLocation	jungle
blanket	AtLocation	bedroom
blanket	AtLocation	linen closet
blanket	AtLocation	closet
blanket	AtLocation	back of sofa
blanket	AtLocation	bed at house
blanket	AtLocation	in master bedroom
blanket	AtLocation	room
blanket	AtLocation	hospital
blanket	AtLocation	wal-mart
blanket	IsA	comforter
shop arcade	AtLocation	town
shop arcade	AtLocation	mall
shop arcade	AtLocation	city
shop arcade	AtLocation	strip mall
boy	AtLocation	playground
boy	AtLocation	school
boy	AtLocation	football game
boy	AtLocation	his home
boy	AtLocation	class
boy	IsA	human be
boy	IsA	small male
boy	IsA	young male
boy	AtLocation	bedroom
boy	IsA	stage of development
boy	AtLocation	grade school
boy	IsA	male child
boy	AtLocation	arcade
boy	AtLocation	wrestle team
boy	IsA	young person
boy	IsA	boy scout
boy	IsA	young human male
boy	IsA	have fun
boy	IsA	have his sixth birthday party
boy	AtLocation	city
boy	IsA	animal
boy	AtLocation	mall
boy	AtLocation	airport
boy	AtLocation	build
boy	AtLocation	train station
boy	AtLocation	motel
boy	AtLocation	rest area
boy	IsA	block his father
boy	AtLocation	floor together
boy	IsA	blow out his birthday cake
boy	AtLocation	toy store
boy	IsA	young man
boy	IsA	male
boy	IsA	man
boy	IsA	child
meat	AtLocation	butch shop
meat	AtLocation	fridge
meat	AtLocation	spring roll
meat	AtLocation	store
meat	IsA	animal muscle
meat	AtLocation	oven
meat	IsA	not bone
meat	IsA	muscle of animal
meat	IsA	often
meat	AtLocation	fry pan
meat	IsA	dead muscle tissue
meat	IsA	butcher animal
meat	IsA	tasty food
meat	IsA	dead animal
meat	IsA	ususally
meat	AtLocation	plate
meat	AtLocation	mcdonalds only kid
meat	IsA	commonly
meat	IsA	murder
meat	IsA	flesh
meat	IsA	chicken
meat	IsA	muscle
meat	IsA	food
heifer	AtLocation	barnyard
heifer	AtLocation	dairy farm
heifer	AtLocation	your own meadow
heifer	AtLocation	slaughterhouse
heifer	AtLocation	countryside
heifer	AtLocation	texas
heifer	AtLocation	stall
heifer	AtLocation	cattle farm
heifer	AtLocation	cow pasture
heifer	AtLocation	germany
heifer	AtLocation	german field
heifer	AtLocation	farm pasture
heifer	AtLocation	milk shed
heifer	AtLocation	slaughter house
heifer	AtLocation	pasture
heifer	AtLocation	barn
heifer	AtLocation	corral
heifer	AtLocation	dairy barn
heifer	AtLocation	cattle show
heifer	AtLocation	heat
heifer	AtLocation	cattle auction
heifer	AtLocation	ohio
heifer	AtLocation	cattle ranch
heifer	AtLocation	cow shed
heifer	AtLocation	sumo
heifer	AtLocation	alberta
heifer	AtLocation	stock yard
heifer	AtLocation	semi trailer
heifer	AtLocation	cattle pen
heifer	AtLocation	movie
heifer	AtLocation	cow barn
heifer	AtLocation	america
heifer	AtLocation	bran
heifer	AtLocation	feedlot or stall
snake	AtLocation	field
snake	AtLocation	tropical forest
snake	AtLocation	tree
snake	AtLocation	feild
snake	AtLocation	snake pit
snake	AtLocation	creek
snake	AtLocation	pet shop
snake	AtLocation	ditch
snake	AtLocation	cage
snake	AtLocation	forest
snake	AtLocation	farmland
snake	AtLocation	pet store
snake	AtLocation	texas
snake	AtLocation	hole in grind
snake	AtLocation	north america
snake	AtLocation	barn
snake	AtLocation	meadow
snake	AtLocation	high grass
snake	AtLocation	terrarium
snake	AtLocation	small warm and dark space
snake	AtLocation	claifornia
snake	AtLocation	river
snake	AtLocation	earth
snake	AtLocation	wood
snake	AtLocation	tall grass
snake	AtLocation	bush
snake	AtLocation	swamp
snake	AtLocation	desert
snake	AtLocation	hole
snake	AtLocation	zoo
snake	AtLocation	unite state
snake	AtLocation	outdoors
snake	AtLocation	nature
snake	AtLocation	aquarium
snake	AtLocation	kansa
snake	AtLocation	oregon
snake	AtLocation	louisiana
snake	AtLocation	france
snake	AtLocation	cave
snake	AtLocation	oklahoma
snake	AtLocation	mississippi
snake	AtLocation	western texas
snake	AtLocation	country
snake	AtLocation	glass enclose case
snake	AtLocation	underbrush
snake	AtLocation	zoo reptile house
snake	AtLocation	snakepit
snake	AtLocation	in sri lanka
snake	AtLocation	on plane
snake	AtLocation	museum
snake	AtLocation	lawn
snake	AtLocation	finland
snake	AtLocation	mythology
snake	AtLocation	sydney
snake	AtLocation	grind
snake	AtLocation	countryside
snake	AtLocation	pond
snake	AtLocation	canada
snake	AtLocation	vineyard
snake	AtLocation	unite state of america
snake	AtLocation	usa
snake	AtLocation	greece
snake	AtLocation	your sleep bag
snake	AtLocation	wetland
snake	AtLocation	rocky outcrop
snake	AtLocation	thick forest
snake	AtLocation	garden
snake	AtLocation	bible
snake	IsA	reptile
snake	AtLocation	grass
foot	AtLocation	table
foot	IsA	unit of measurement
foot	IsA	part of leg
foot	AtLocation	end of leg
foot	AtLocation	shoe and sock
foot	IsA	commonly
foot	IsA	part of person
foot	AtLocation	desk
foot	IsA	measurement
foot	AtLocation	sock
kitten	AtLocation	bed
kitten	AtLocation	lap
kitten	IsA	young cat
kitten	AtLocation	litterbox
kitten	AtLocation	apartment
kitten	AtLocation	veterinarian office
kitten	AtLocation	zoo
kitten	AtLocation	warm place
kitten	AtLocation	petshop
kitten	AtLocation	person home
kitten	AtLocation	shelter
kitten	AtLocation	farmhouse
kitten	IsA	young fussy animal
kitten	IsA	curious social animal
kitten	AtLocation	it mother arm
kitten	AtLocation	your shoe
kitten	AtLocation	big house
kitten	AtLocation	veterinary office
kitten	AtLocation	cat basket
kitten	AtLocation	person house
kitten	AtLocation	pile of other kitten
kitten	AtLocation	trouble
kitten	AtLocation	box
kitten	AtLocation	home
kitten	AtLocation	house
kitten	AtLocation	animal shelter
kitten	AtLocation	basket
kitten	AtLocation	pet store
kitten	AtLocation	paris
kitten	AtLocation	yard
kitten	AtLocation	your lap
kitten	AtLocation	floor
kitten	AtLocation	little girl lap
kitten	AtLocation	cage
kitten	AtLocation	child arm
kitten	AtLocation	proximity to it mother
kitten	IsA	fragile animal
kitten	AtLocation	soft box
kitten	AtLocation	mother cat view
kitten	IsA	furry animal
kitten	IsA	small young cat
kitten	IsA	tastey
kitten	IsA	popular pet for kid
kitten	IsA	curious little animal
kitten	IsA	strong than dog
kitten	IsA	young than cat
kitten	IsA	soft furry warm animal
kitten	IsA	cute baby mammal
kitten	IsA	small than elephant
kitten	IsA	lot of fun
kitten	IsA	curious animal
kitten	IsA	name for baby cat
kitten	AtLocation	london
kitten	AtLocation	earth
kitten	AtLocation	germany
kitten	IsA	look down
kitten	AtLocation	my daughter room
kitten	AtLocation	alley
kitten	AtLocation	pile of clean clothe
kitten	AtLocation	cardboard box
kitten	AtLocation	close proximity to it mother
kitten	AtLocation	cat stomach
kitten	AtLocation	your arm
kitten	AtLocation	cat
kitten	IsA	animal
grape	AtLocation	fridge
grape	AtLocation	fruit stand
grape	AtLocation	fruit basket
grape	AtLocation	field
grape	AtLocation	shop
grape	AtLocation	winery
grape	AtLocation	grocery store
grape	AtLocation	fruit store
grape	AtLocation	produce department
grape	AtLocation	produce section
grape	AtLocation	your kitchen
grape	AtLocation	bowl of fruit
grape	AtLocation	bowl
grape	AtLocation	garden
grape	AtLocation	press
grape	AtLocation	kitchen
grape	AtLocation	bunch with other grape
grape	AtLocation	produce section of supermarket
grape	AtLocation	market
grape	AtLocation	greengrocer shop
grape	AtLocation	parrot mouth
grape	AtLocation	still life picture
grape	AtLocation	store
grape	AtLocation	refridgerator
grape	AtLocation	vineyard
grape	AtLocation	vinyard
grape	AtLocation	fruit salad
grape	AtLocation	vine of other grape
grape	AtLocation	salad
grape	AtLocation	produce store
grape	AtLocation	supermarket produce section
grape	AtLocation	my mouth
grape	AtLocation	paint
grape	AtLocation	lunch box
grape	IsA	edible fruit
grape	AtLocation	arbor
grape	AtLocation	grape vine
grape	IsA	domesticate plant
grape	AtLocation	cabinet
grape	AtLocation	gilbert house
kite	AtLocation	toy store
kite	AtLocation	windy sky
kite	AtLocation	hobby shop
kite	AtLocation	sky
kite	IsA	toy
taxiway	AtLocation	airport
taxiway	AtLocation	city
radio studio	AtLocation	build
radio studio	AtLocation	any large city
radio studio	AtLocation	radio station
puzzle	AtLocation	toy store
puzzle	AtLocation	closet
puzzle	AtLocation	toy shop
puzzle	AtLocation	newspaper
bill	AtLocation	congress
bill	IsA	expense
bill	IsA	duck mouth
bill	IsA	part of finance
bill	AtLocation	in mail box
bill	AtLocation	pocket
bill	AtLocation	your wallet
bill	IsA	paperwork representation of transaction
bill	IsA	currency
bill	AtLocation	mailbag
bill	AtLocation	envelope
bill	AtLocation	mail box
creature	AtLocation	zoo
creature	IsA	live thing
creature	AtLocation	dessert
creature	AtLocation	fairy tale
creature	IsA	any create be
creature	AtLocation	black lagoon
creature	AtLocation	mythology
creature	AtLocation	dark place
creature	IsA	animal
skylight	AtLocation	roof
skylight	AtLocation	house
hair shape gel	AtLocation	bathroom
hair shape gel	AtLocation	supermarket
utility case	AtLocation	garage
utility case	AtLocation	electrician shop
utility case	AtLocation	utility truck
utility case	AtLocation	work room
toll road	AtLocation	unite state
toll road	AtLocation	new jersey
toll road	AtLocation	dallas
wheat	AtLocation	in field
wheat	IsA	domesticate plant
wheat	AtLocation	cereal packet
wheat	IsA	grass
cafeteria	IsA	dine area
cafeteria	AtLocation	school
motherboard	AtLocation	computer
motherboard	IsA	component of computer
motherboard	IsA	part of desktop computer
motherboard	AtLocation	computer store
motherboard	AtLocation	every computer
steak	AtLocation	plate
steak	AtLocation	freezer
steak	AtLocation	grocery store
steak	AtLocation	resturant
steak	AtLocation	market
steak	AtLocation	supermarket
steak	IsA	meal
steak	AtLocation	fridge
steak	AtLocation	store
steak	AtLocation	apartment
steak	AtLocation	kitchen
steak	AtLocation	your table
steak	AtLocation	home
steak	IsA	often
steak	IsA	meat
steak	IsA	food
steak	AtLocation	house
comb	AtLocation	purse
comb	AtLocation	barbar shop
comb	AtLocation	my pocket
comb	IsA	tool
comb	IsA	travel accessory
comb	IsA	small than brush
comb	IsA	search thoroughly for something
comb	IsA	color black and have many tooth
comb	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
comb	AtLocation	pocket
injury	AtLocation	emergency room
injury	AtLocation	hockey game
injury	AtLocation	doctor office
injury	AtLocation	live thing
injury	AtLocation	hospital
earthquake	IsA	natural disaster
window	IsA	operate system
window	AtLocation	in house
window	IsA	part of house
window	AtLocation	library
window	AtLocation	space shuttle
window	AtLocation	casino
window	AtLocation	any large city
window	AtLocation	church
window	IsA	computer desktop
window	IsA	computer operate system
window	AtLocation	outside wall
window	AtLocation	office wall
window	IsA	great shit
window	AtLocation	shade
window	AtLocation	curtain
python	IsA	program language
python	IsA	constrict snake
python	IsA	animal
google	IsA	search engine
google	IsA	world most popular search engine
google	AtLocation	internet
grizzly	IsA	bear
flute	AtLocation	musical instrument store
flute	IsA	musical instrument
flute	IsA	wind instrument for make music
flute	AtLocation	flute case
flute	AtLocation	woodwind section
flute	IsA	wind instrument
flute	AtLocation	band
flute	AtLocation	orchestra
flute	IsA	woodwind
knife	AtLocation	in kitchen
knife	AtLocation	kitchen drawer
knife	IsA	useful tool
knife	AtLocation	store
knife	IsA	s
knife	AtLocation	restaurant
knife	AtLocation	backpack
knife	IsA	versitle tool
knife	IsA	sharp and can cut you
knife	IsA	sharp and can cut thing
knife	AtLocation	home
knife	AtLocation	purse
knife	AtLocation	cupboard
knife	IsA	both weapon and kitchen utensil
knife	AtLocation	silverware drawer
knife	AtLocation	drawer
knife	IsA	tool
knife	AtLocation	fork
knife	AtLocation	kitchen
knife	AtLocation	metal
knife	IsA	weapon
onion	AtLocation	pizza
onion	AtLocation	market
onion	IsA	ingredient in salsa
onion	IsA	vegetable
star	AtLocation	outerspace
star	IsA	distant sun
star	IsA	shape
star	AtLocation	sky at night
star	IsA	ball of burn gas
star	AtLocation	in sky
star	AtLocation	in outerspace
star	IsA	object
star	IsA	burn ball of gas
star	AtLocation	center of black hole
star	AtLocation	your eye
star	AtLocation	press conference
star	IsA	big ball of gas
star	IsA	really far away
star	AtLocation	outer space
star	AtLocation	night sky
star	AtLocation	sky
money	AtLocation	in bank
money	AtLocation	in pocket
money	AtLocation	city
money	AtLocation	cash register
money	AtLocation	winery
money	AtLocation	any large city
money	AtLocation	sock drawer
money	AtLocation	at bank
money	AtLocation	in beg
money	AtLocation	in wallet
money	AtLocation	wallet or purse
money	AtLocation	your pocket
money	IsA	way person
money	IsA	often
money	AtLocation	shelf
money	AtLocation	new york
money	IsA	dollar
money	AtLocation	bank
money	IsA	cash
money	IsA	time
hole	AtLocation	grind
hole	AtLocation	golf green
hole	AtLocation	swiss cheese
hole	AtLocation	your pocket
hole	AtLocation	wall
apple juice	IsA	drink
apple juice	IsA	liquid
apple juice	IsA	beverage
apple juice	IsA	healthful drink
apple juice	IsA	good thirst quencher
apple juice	IsA	juice
apple juice	IsA	popular drink
apple juice	IsA	healthy drink
apple juice	IsA	good drink
apple juice	IsA	tasty than water
stone	IsA	small rock
stone	IsA	rock with smooth edge
stone	AtLocation	river
stone	AtLocation	mountain
stone	AtLocation	your shoe
stone	AtLocation	creek bed
stone	IsA	another word for rock
stone	IsA	pebble
stone	IsA	marble
pine tree	IsA	tree
ruler	AtLocation	desk
ruler	AtLocation	your desk
ruler	AtLocation	office
ruler	AtLocation	in office
beer	AtLocation	hockey game
beer	AtLocation	casino
beer	AtLocation	shelf
beer	IsA	fizzy
beer	AtLocation	store
beer	AtLocation	bowl alley
beer	IsA	alcoholic drink
beer	AtLocation	sport event
beer	IsA	carbonate
beer	AtLocation	grocery store
beer	AtLocation	at sport event
beer	AtLocation	refrigerator freezer
beer	AtLocation	liquor shop
beer	AtLocation	in bavaria
beer	AtLocation	in bottle
beer	AtLocation	soccer game
beer	AtLocation	me
beer	AtLocation	your table
beer	AtLocation	market
beer	AtLocation	subway
beer	AtLocation	airport
beer	AtLocation	swim pool
beer	AtLocation	wed
beer	AtLocation	city
beer	AtLocation	dinner
beer	AtLocation	apartment
beer	AtLocation	park
beer	AtLocation	build
beer	IsA	often
beer	IsA	alcoholic beverage
beer	AtLocation	alcohol
beer	AtLocation	bar
beer	AtLocation	bottle
beer	AtLocation	can
beer	IsA	beverage
breakfast	AtLocation	table
breakfast	IsA	morning meal
breakfast	IsA	part of meal
breakfast	IsA	meal
desk	AtLocation	office build
desk	AtLocation	school office home
desk	AtLocation	in classroom
desk	AtLocation	in class
desk	AtLocation	in office
desk	AtLocation	garage sale
desk	AtLocation	house
desk	AtLocation	library
desk	AtLocation	build
desk	AtLocation	furniture store
desk	AtLocation	room
desk	AtLocation	in study room
desk	AtLocation	in room
desk	AtLocation	at home
desk	IsA	place
desk	AtLocation	landfill
desk	IsA	table be someone work
desk	AtLocation	chair
desk	AtLocation	lamp
desk	AtLocation	drawer
desk	AtLocation	pencil
desk	AtLocation	computer
desk	AtLocation	mess
radish	AtLocation	farmer market
crab	AtLocation	bay
crab	AtLocation	crab salad
crab	AtLocation	salad
crab	AtLocation	salt water
crab	AtLocation	tidepool
crab	AtLocation	bottom of sea
crab	AtLocation	shallow water
crab	AtLocation	cook pot
crab	AtLocation	bottom of ocean
crab	AtLocation	tide pool
crab	AtLocation	chesapeake bay
crab	IsA	animal
crab	AtLocation	zoo
crab	AtLocation	chesapeak bay
crab	AtLocation	sand at beach
crab	AtLocation	tidepools
crab	AtLocation	estuary
crab	AtLocation	north sea
crab	AtLocation	she crab soup
crab	AtLocation	crab alfredo
crab	AtLocation	chinese restaurant
crab	AtLocation	fancy restaurant
crab	AtLocation	lake
crab	AtLocation	surf
crab	AtLocation	fishmonger
crab	AtLocation	mud of estuary
crab	AtLocation	coral reef
crab	AtLocation	wet sand
crab	AtLocation	pot
crab	AtLocation	ocena
crab	AtLocation	seafood department
crab	AtLocation	salt water aquarium
crab	AtLocation	resteraunt
crab	AtLocation	tank
crab	AtLocation	river
crab	AtLocation	tidal pool
crab	AtLocation	water
crab	AtLocation	seafood restaurant
crab	AtLocation	rock
crab	AtLocation	beach sand
crab	AtLocation	crab bisque
crab	AtLocation	crab cake
crab	AtLocation	maine
crab	AtLocation	chinese buffet
crab	AtLocation	crab pot
crab	AtLocation	fish market
crab	AtLocation	office
crab	AtLocation	underwater
crab	AtLocation	garden
crab	AtLocation	germany
crab	AtLocation	kitchen
crab	AtLocation	delicious meal
crab	AtLocation	shore line
crab	AtLocation	briny water
crab	AtLocation	crabtrap
crab	IsA	expensive type of seafood
crab	AtLocation	cold water
crab	AtLocation	sea
crab	IsA	seafood
crab	IsA	crustacean
crab	AtLocation	ocean
crab	IsA	shellfish
crab	AtLocation	sand
crab	AtLocation	beach
singer	AtLocation	at opera
singer	IsA	person
singer	IsA	like hippie
singer	IsA	entertainer
singer	AtLocation	theatre
singer	IsA	alto
singer	IsA	performer
wall	AtLocation	fridge
wall	IsA	part of build
wall	AtLocation	refrigerator
wall	AtLocation	in build
wall	IsA	good place to put picture
wall	AtLocation	prison
wall	AtLocation	picture
wall	AtLocation	window
wall	AtLocation	door
wall	AtLocation	build
eat	IsA	social event
eat	IsA	social activity
eat	IsA	way
eat	IsA	component of socialize
eat	AtLocation	restaurant
television	AtLocation	live room
television	AtLocation	in live room
television	AtLocation	bedroom
television	IsA	entertainment appliance
television	IsA	good way to spend time
television	IsA	appliance
television	IsA	machine
television	AtLocation	at home
television	AtLocation	hotel
television	IsA	piece of furniture
television	IsA	n electric appliance
television	AtLocation	living-room
television	IsA	mean of entertainment
television	IsA	consider entertainment in most case
television	IsA	mindless entertainment
television	IsA	waste of time
television	IsA	baby sitter for kid
television	IsA	call tv and tv set
television	IsA	device
television	IsA	free entertainment
television	AtLocation	program
television	AtLocation	channel
television	IsA	tv
television	AtLocation	show
television	AtLocation	commercial
television	AtLocation	news
pillow	AtLocation	in bedroom
pillow	AtLocation	in bed
pillow	AtLocation	motel
pillow	AtLocation	home
pillow	AtLocation	closet
pillow	AtLocation	hotel
pillow	AtLocation	live room
violin	IsA	musical instrument
violin	IsA	musical string instrument
violin	IsA	usually
violin	IsA	string instrumentr
violin	IsA	difficult instrument to master
violin	IsA	musical instrument with 4 string
violin	IsA	string instrument with four string
violin	AtLocation	string quartet
violin	AtLocation	violin case
violin	IsA	music instrument
violin	IsA	stinky
violin	IsA	string instrunment
violin	IsA	four-stringed musical instrument
violin	IsA	classical instrument
violin	IsA	fragile musical instrument
violin	IsA	often
violin	IsA	for dork
violin	IsA	portable musical istrument
violin	IsA	difficult instrument to play
violin	IsA	important part of our culture
violin	AtLocation	music shop
violin	AtLocation	pedestal
violin	AtLocation	pedistal
violin	AtLocation	school
violin	AtLocation	opera
violin	IsA	string isntrument
violin	IsA	insturment
violin	IsA	string instrument
violin	IsA	fiddle
seat	AtLocation	in car
seat	AtLocation	auditorium
seat	AtLocation	in bus
seat	AtLocation	in plane
seat	AtLocation	rest area
seat	AtLocation	opera
seat	AtLocation	on subway
seat	AtLocation	at theatre
seat	AtLocation	vehicle
seat	AtLocation	jeep
seat	AtLocation	hockey game
seat	AtLocation	bathroom
seat	IsA	something
seat	AtLocation	type of car
seat	AtLocation	submarine
seat	AtLocation	motorcycle
seat	AtLocation	office
seat	AtLocation	home
seat	AtLocation	movie
seat	AtLocation	show
seat	AtLocation	theatre
seat	IsA	chair
seat	IsA	stool
glass	AtLocation	milk in refrigerator
glass	AtLocation	milk in kitchen
glass	AtLocation	kitchen
glass	AtLocation	table
glass	IsA	solid
glass	AtLocation	water in house
glass	AtLocation	your kitchen cupboard
glass	AtLocation	bar
glass	IsA	both half empty and half full
glass	AtLocation	milk in fridge
glass	AtLocation	water in kitchen
glass	AtLocation	pocket
glass	IsA	one way to correct vision problem
glass	IsA	half full duh
glass	IsA	call spectacle
glass	IsA	transparent solid
glass	IsA	for person with eye defect
glass	AtLocation	refrigerator
glass	AtLocation	closet
glass	AtLocation	supermarket
glass	AtLocation	winery
glass	IsA	not be
roof	AtLocation	roof
roof	AtLocation	garage
roof	AtLocation	chimney
roof	AtLocation	cat
roof	AtLocation	thatch
roof	AtLocation	tile
roof	AtLocation	shingle
roof	AtLocation	roofer
grapefruit	AtLocation	supermarket
classical	IsA	music
hate	IsA	strong emotion
hate	IsA	very strong emotion
hate	IsA	human emotion
hate	IsA	emotion
chocolate	AtLocation	box
chocolate	IsA	favorite food of some person
chocolate	AtLocation	christmas stock
chocolate	AtLocation	candy store
chocolate	IsA	ice cream
chocolate	IsA	fruit
chocolate	IsA	flavour for food
chocolate	IsA	food
chocolate	IsA	candy
reporter	IsA	job
reporter	AtLocation	crime scene
sofa	AtLocation	in live room
sofa	IsA	piece of furniture
sofa	AtLocation	home
sofa	IsA	place to sit
sofa	AtLocation	livingroom
sofa	AtLocation	house
sofa	IsA	sit on
sofa	IsA	comfortable place to sit
sofa	AtLocation	live room
sofa	IsA	couch
fire	IsA	hot and destroy thing
fire	IsA	make room warm
fire	IsA	big problem
fire	AtLocation	kitchen
fire	AtLocation	forest
fire	AtLocation	smoke
snow	IsA	freeze rain
snow	AtLocation	grind
snow	AtLocation	roof
snow	IsA	often
snow	IsA	freeze water crystal
snow	IsA	freeze crystal of water
snow	IsA	crystallize water
snow	AtLocation	surface of earth
snow	IsA	form of precipitation
snow	IsA	crystalize water
snow	AtLocation	city
snow	AtLocation	street
snow	AtLocation	town
snow	AtLocation	countryside
snow	AtLocation	in boston
snow	AtLocation	antrarctica
snow	AtLocation	antarctica
snow	IsA	what you ski on
snow	IsA	freeze water and come from cloud
snow	IsA	cold than 32 degree farenheit
snow	IsA	usually
snow	IsA	form of freeze water
snow	IsA	soft ice crystal
snow	IsA	freeze precipitation
snow	IsA	not always
snow	IsA	freeze water vapor
snow	IsA	commonly
snow	IsA	freeze water
snow	IsA	water
snow	AtLocation	alaska
oven	AtLocation	home
oven	AtLocation	house
oven	AtLocation	apartment
oven	AtLocation	pizza place
oven	AtLocation	pizza
oven	AtLocation	grill
oven	AtLocation	turkey
oven	AtLocation	pie
oven	AtLocation	stove
oven	AtLocation	food
oven	AtLocation	cake
toothbrush	AtLocation	suitcase
toothbrush	AtLocation	dentist
toothbrush	AtLocation	mouth
cow	AtLocation	farmyard
cow	AtLocation	stable
cow	AtLocation	slaughter house
cow	AtLocation	butch shop
cow	AtLocation	milk stall
cow	AtLocation	dairy farm
cow	AtLocation	barnyard
cow	IsA	grazers
cow	IsA	live creature
cow	AtLocation	cornfield
cow	AtLocation	meat pack plant
cow	AtLocation	pasture graze
cow	AtLocation	cow shed
cow	AtLocation	fee lot
cow	AtLocation	cowshed
cow	AtLocation	stall
cow	AtLocation	barn field
cow	AtLocation	cowboy movie
cow	AtLocation	farmer field
cow	AtLocation	complacent mood
cow	AtLocation	meat process plant
cow	AtLocation	abattoir
cow	AtLocation	county fair
cow	AtLocation	in meadow
cow	AtLocation	farmland
cow	AtLocation	unite state
cow	AtLocation	canada
cow	AtLocation	milk barn
cow	IsA	hoof mammal
cow	IsA	herd animal
cow	IsA	ruminant
cow	IsA	mammalian
cow	AtLocation	paddock or field
cow	IsA	ussualy black and white
cow	IsA	peaceful animal that produce milk
cow	IsA	not sexual partner
cow	AtLocation	high meadow
cow	IsA	very generous creature
cow	AtLocation	michigan
cow	AtLocation	summer
cow	AtLocation	iowa
cow	AtLocation	england
cow	AtLocation	fence in area
cow	AtLocation	advertisement
cow	AtLocation	great outdoors
cow	AtLocation	cow pasture
cow	AtLocation	gateway computer store
cow	IsA	big than cat
cow	AtLocation	countryside
cow	AtLocation	milk
cow	IsA	holstein
cow	AtLocation	grass
winter	IsA	cold than summer
winter	IsA	seasonal condition
winter	IsA	very cold season
atlanta	IsA	city
atlanta	IsA	in georgia
coffee	IsA	drug
coffee	IsA	breakfast beverage
coffee	AtLocation	at meet
coffee	AtLocation	coffee shop
coffee	AtLocation	house
coffee	AtLocation	hotel
coffee	AtLocation	can
coffee	AtLocation	breakroom
coffee	AtLocation	kitchen
coffee	IsA	often
coffee	AtLocation	container
coffee	AtLocation	office
coffee	IsA	popular drink
coffee	AtLocation	internet cafe
coffee	IsA	good after dinner drink
coffee	IsA	addictive substance
coffee	IsA	acquire taste
coffee	IsA	bushy plant
coffee	AtLocation	store
coffee	IsA	food
coffee	AtLocation	refrigerator
coffee	AtLocation	coffee cup
coffee	IsA	dark beverage frequently
coffee	IsA	adult beverage
coffee	IsA	popular beverage
coffee	IsA	delicious source of caffeine
coffee	IsA	delicious beverage
coffee	IsA	stimulate drink
coffee	IsA	in high demand in import export
coffee	IsA	usually
coffee	IsA	bitter drink
coffee	IsA	popular stimulant
coffee	IsA	diuretic
coffee	IsA	society legal heroin
coffee	IsA	best when it hot
coffee	IsA	beter hot
coffee	AtLocation	earth
coffee	IsA	beverage
coffee	IsA	drink
coffee	AtLocation	cafe
coffee	AtLocation	cup
coffee	AtLocation	mug
asia	IsA	another continent
asia	AtLocation	singapore
wasp	IsA	insect
wasp	AtLocation	nest
bowl	IsA	sport
bowl	AtLocation	cabinet
bowl	AtLocation	refrigerator
bowl	AtLocation	kitchen
bowl	AtLocation	sink
bowl	AtLocation	cupboard
bowl	IsA	game
bowl	IsA	pipe
bowl	AtLocation	food
norway	IsA	country
new zealand	IsA	country
new zealand	IsA	isolate country
fox	AtLocation	england
fox	AtLocation	hen house
fox	AtLocation	meadow
fox	AtLocation	mountain
fox	AtLocation	fox hunt
fox	AtLocation	foxhunt
fox	AtLocation	wooded area
fox	AtLocation	wood
fox	AtLocation	fox hole
fox	AtLocation	stump of tree
fox	AtLocation	burrow
fox	AtLocation	story
fox	AtLocation	grassy field
fox	AtLocation	henhouse
fox	AtLocation	chicken coop
fox	AtLocation	lair
fox	AtLocation	wilderness of europe
fox	AtLocation	ralph lauren frame print
fox	AtLocation	forrest
fox	AtLocation	field
fox	AtLocation	zoo
fox	AtLocation	hole
fox	AtLocation	unite state
fox	AtLocation	rural area
fox	AtLocation	cage
fox	AtLocation	english hunt
fox	AtLocation	foxhole
fox	AtLocation	prairie
fox	AtLocation	earth
fox	AtLocation	finland
fox	AtLocation	grind
fox	AtLocation	city
fox	AtLocation	usa
fox	AtLocation	hide
fox	AtLocation	nature
fox	AtLocation	great outdoors
fox	AtLocation	north dakota
fox	AtLocation	back yard
fox	AtLocation	wild
fox	AtLocation	forest
fox	IsA	animal
penguin	IsA	flightless arctic bird
penguin	IsA	flightless waterfowl
penguin	IsA	favorite food of shark
penguin	IsA	large bird
penguin	IsA	very large bird
penguin	IsA	good
penguin	IsA	funny-looking
penguin	IsA	flightless bird
penguin	AtLocation	south pole
penguin	AtLocation	aquarium
penguin	IsA	often
penguin	IsA	fat flightless bird
penguin	IsA	bird who cannot fly
penguin	IsA	only
penguin	IsA	warm blood animal
penguin	IsA	beautiful creature
penguin	IsA	more
penguin	AtLocation	sea
penguin	IsA	bird
penguin	AtLocation	zoo
anteater	IsA	monotreme
skate	IsA	activity
skate	IsA	sport
skate	IsA	fish
eel	IsA	snake like fish
eel	IsA	fish
austria	IsA	not australia
austria	IsA	country in europe
yellow	IsA	primary color
yellow	IsA	bright color
yellow	IsA	primary colour
yellow	IsA	highly visible color
yellow	IsA	happy color
yellow	IsA	bright than brown
yellow	IsA	color for freindship
yellow	IsA	color for friendship
yellow	IsA	fairly bright color
yellow	IsA	colour of rainbow
yellow	IsA	color of sun
yellow	IsA	color
red	IsA	primary color
red	IsA	primary colour
red	IsA	sign of danger
red	IsA	color visible to human
red	IsA	bright color
red	IsA	long wavelength
red	IsA	dominant colour
red	IsA	popular color for automobile
red	IsA	lucky color for chinese
red	IsA	common color
red	IsA	color
language	IsA	french
language	IsA	german
masturbation	IsA	form of self-stimulation
cactus	AtLocation	water
rope	AtLocation	backpack
rope	AtLocation	at gym
rope	AtLocation	sport good store
rope	IsA	cord
rope	AtLocation	boat
ring	AtLocation	jewelry store
ring	AtLocation	friend wed
ring	AtLocation	bath tub
ring	AtLocation	wed ceremony
ring	IsA	piece of jewelry
ring	AtLocation	my finger
ring	AtLocation	gym
ring	AtLocation	your finger
ring	AtLocation	diamond
ring	AtLocation	finger
flower	IsA	nice gift
flower	AtLocation	in garden
flower	AtLocation	flower garden
flower	AtLocation	friend wed
flower	IsA	often
flower	AtLocation	garden or florist shop
flower	IsA	part of plant
flower	IsA	plant sex organ
flower	IsA	member of vegetable kingdom
flower	IsA	particular kind of plant
flower	IsA	nice thing to give someone
flower	AtLocation	in meadow
flower	IsA	many color
flower	AtLocation	windowsill
flower	AtLocation	wed
flower	AtLocation	table
flower	AtLocation	ghe garden
flower	IsA	thing you see outside
flower	IsA	beautiful plant
flower	AtLocation	anthology
flower	AtLocation	person hair
flower	AtLocation	flowerpot
flower	IsA	romantic gift
flower	IsA	bright and fresh-smelling
flower	IsA	great gift
flower	IsA	beutiful
flower	IsA	nice gift to receive
flower	IsA	gift
flower	IsA	use decoratively
flower	IsA	great centerpiece
flower	IsA	plant and not animal
flower	IsA	pretty and they smell good
flower	IsA	usually
flower	IsA	usaully
flower	IsA	pollenate by insect
flower	IsA	good gift for mother day
flower	IsA	nature way of show happiness
flower	AtLocation	basket
flower	IsA	in bloom
flower	AtLocation	this basket
flower	AtLocation	park
flower	IsA	lily
flower	IsA	daisy
flower	IsA	daffodil
flower	AtLocation	vase
flower	AtLocation	garden
flower	IsA	plant
flower	IsA	rose
phone	AtLocation	desk
phone	AtLocation	motel
phone	AtLocation	your house
phone	IsA	rotary phone.it be black
phone	AtLocation	your desk
phone	IsA	telephone
technology	IsA	improve
dart	IsA	game of skill
dart	IsA	game often
dart	IsA	object
dart	IsA	popular pub game
dart	IsA	sharp object
dart	IsA	often
dart	IsA	popular game in england
dart	IsA	good toy for little child
dart	IsA	usually
dart	IsA	gme often
dart	IsA	run quickly
dart	IsA	favorite game in english pub
dart	IsA	popular game in great britain
dart	IsA	sharp sharp thing hurt
dart	IsA	small than car
dart	IsA	very fun game
dart	IsA	something person throw in their boredom
dart	IsA	target-hitter
dart	IsA	game involve
dart	IsA	like small arrow
dart	IsA	lik
dart	IsA	game most often
dart	IsA	pub game popular in england
dart	IsA	game good
dart	IsA	popular bar room game
dart	IsA	old english game
dart	IsA	skill game
dart	IsA	enjoyable pasttime
dart	IsA	game of coordination and cooperation
dart	IsA	sharp point throw toy
dart	IsA	sharp and can hurt you
dart	IsA	bar game
ear	IsA	organ
ear	IsA	part of body
ear	IsA	sensory organ
ear	AtLocation	person head
ear	IsA	different shape
ear	IsA	what make person hear sound
ear	AtLocation	each side of person head
ear	IsA	for catch sound-waves in air
ear	IsA	very complex in how they function
ear	AtLocation	your head
ear	AtLocation	lord
reptile	IsA	cold blood animal
reptile	IsA	lifeform
reptile	IsA	animal
reptile	IsA	turtle
reptile	IsA	crocodile
reptile	IsA	snake
reptile	AtLocation	zoo
reptile	IsA	lizard
reptile	AtLocation	scale
reptile	IsA	dinosaur
reptile	IsA	alligator
lizard	IsA	cold-blooded animal
lizard	AtLocation	new mexico
lizard	AtLocation	your garden
lizard	AtLocation	garden
lizard	AtLocation	rock
lizard	AtLocation	california
lizard	AtLocation	tropic
lizard	AtLocation	dry rocky area
lizard	AtLocation	jungle
lizard	AtLocation	zoo
lizard	AtLocation	hot place
lizard	AtLocation	china
lizard	AtLocation	book
lizard	AtLocation	arid region
lizard	AtLocation	sun
lizard	AtLocation	cage
lizard	AtLocation	warm place
lizard	AtLocation	forrest
lizard	AtLocation	reptile house
lizard	AtLocation	utah
lizard	AtLocation	masonry
lizard	AtLocation	southern california desert
lizard	AtLocation	glass cage
lizard	AtLocation	italy
lizard	AtLocation	sonora desert
lizard	AtLocation	reptile family
lizard	AtLocation	herpetarium
lizard	AtLocation	nature
lizard	AtLocation	back yard
lizard	AtLocation	encyclopedia
lizard	AtLocation	swamp
lizard	AtLocation	pet store
lizard	AtLocation	warm climate
lizard	AtLocation	unite state
lizard	AtLocation	countryside
lizard	AtLocation	wild
lizard	AtLocation	yard
lizard	AtLocation	lizard cage
lizard	AtLocation	house
lizard	AtLocation	bermuda
lizard	AtLocation	dark place
lizard	AtLocation	earth
lizard	IsA	cold
lizard	IsA	coldblooded
lizard	IsA	adaptible cearture
lizard	AtLocation	finland
lizard	AtLocation	georgia
lizard	AtLocation	sydney
lizard	AtLocation	fish tank
lizard	AtLocation	vineyard
lizard	AtLocation	laboratory
lizard	AtLocation	usa
lizard	AtLocation	greece
lizard	AtLocation	leaf
lizard	IsA	category of serpent
lizard	IsA	sit on leaf
lizard	IsA	crawl on leaf
lizard	AtLocation	sunny spot
lizard	AtLocation	galopagos arpegio
lizard	AtLocation	great outdoors
lizard	AtLocation	sunny place
lizard	AtLocation	home
lizard	AtLocation	your backyard
lizard	AtLocation	dessert
lizard	AtLocation	bush
lizard	IsA	animal
lizard	AtLocation	desert
lizard	IsA	gecko
some bird	IsA	eagle
some bird	IsA	flightless
some bird	IsA	carnivores
rock climb	IsA	favorite sport of young
rubber ducky	IsA	bath toy
rubber ducky	IsA	bathtub toy
rubber ducky	IsA	human shower toy
rubber ducky	IsA	for child
rubber ducky	IsA	great tub toy
family	IsA	group of relate person
family	AtLocation	park
family	AtLocation	at home
family	AtLocation	supermarket
family	IsA	group of person
family	AtLocation	relative house
family	IsA	good thing to have
family	AtLocation	live room
family	IsA	glue
family	IsA	sometimes
family	IsA	very important and they stick together
family	IsA	happy together
family	IsA	happy idea
family	IsA	indiviudals
family	AtLocation	house
family	IsA	wife
family	AtLocation	love
family	IsA	husband
family	AtLocation	brother
movie	AtLocation	movie
movie	IsA	often
movie	IsA	story
movie	IsA	sequence of frame
movie	AtLocation	movie theater
movie	IsA	form of popular entertainment
movie	IsA	fantastic escape from reality
movie	AtLocation	video store
movie	IsA	piece of art
movie	IsA	fake but they entertain us
movie	IsA	show use roll of process film
movie	IsA	these day
movie	IsA	funny sometiems
movie	IsA	consider intellectual property
movie	IsA	often on film
movie	IsA	popular form of entertainment
movie	IsA	series of picture
movie	AtLocation	theater
movie	AtLocation	show
movie	AtLocation	actor
movie	AtLocation	screen
movie	IsA	watch
movie	AtLocation	entertainment
skyscraper	IsA	tall build
skyscraper	IsA	engineer wonder
skyscraper	IsA	tall than other build
skyscraper	AtLocation	any large city
skyscraper	IsA	marvel of architechture
skyscraper	AtLocation	large city
skyscraper	IsA	only
skyscraper	IsA	large tall build
skyscraper	IsA	tall than most build
skyscraper	IsA	usually
skyscraper	IsA	often
skyscraper	AtLocation	metropolis
skyscraper	IsA	build
skyscraper	AtLocation	business
skyscraper	AtLocation	office
champagne	IsA	alcoholic beverage
champagne	IsA	french sparkle wine
champagne	AtLocation	refrigerator
champagne	IsA	region of france
champagne	IsA	alcoholic drink
champagne	IsA	drink on new year eve
champagne	IsA	delicious drink
champagne	IsA	beverage use typically in celebration
champagne	IsA	carbonate wine
champagne	IsA	beverage best
pen	IsA	mighty than sword
pen	AtLocation	school
pen	AtLocation	backpack
pen	IsA	object
pen	AtLocation	office supply store
pen	AtLocation	house
pen	AtLocation	on desk
pen	AtLocation	purse
pen	AtLocation	table
pen	IsA	write utensil
pen	AtLocation	in office
pen	IsA	write implement
pen	AtLocation	office build
pen	AtLocation	drawer
pen	AtLocation	classroom
pen	AtLocation	dwell
pen	AtLocation	build
pen	AtLocation	store
pen	AtLocation	any large city
pen	AtLocation	apartment
pen	AtLocation	mall
pen	AtLocation	at my desk
pen	AtLocation	in room
pen	AtLocation	your pocket
pen	AtLocation	box
pen	AtLocation	pen
pen	IsA	something you write with
pen	AtLocation	any color
pen	IsA	just fancy pencil
pen	IsA	black trim in gold
pen	IsA	small than horse
pen	IsA	tool person use to write with
pen	IsA	about 6 long
pen	IsA	portable write instrument
pen	IsA	tool for put ink on paper
pen	IsA	mighty than advertisement
pen	IsA	useful write instrument
pen	IsA	useful write tool
pen	AtLocation	shape of cylinder
pen	IsA	lie upon envelope
pen	AtLocation	desk drawer
pen	AtLocation	pocket
pen	IsA	write instrument
pen	AtLocation	college
pen	AtLocation	office
pen	AtLocation	paper
pen	AtLocation	pig
cheese	IsA	dairy product from cow
cheese	AtLocation	market
cheese	AtLocation	store
cheese	IsA	noun
cheese	IsA	good protein food
cheese	AtLocation	mouse trap
cheese	IsA	often
cheese	AtLocation	kitchen
cheese	AtLocation	resturant
cheese	AtLocation	plate
cheese	AtLocation	house
cheese	AtLocation	dinner
cheese	AtLocation	apartment
cheese	IsA	ferment milk
cheese	IsA	form of mold
cheese	IsA	coagulate milk
cheese	IsA	slang for money
cheese	AtLocation	cupboard
cheese	AtLocation	farmer market
cheese	AtLocation	your table
cheese	AtLocation	build
cheese	AtLocation	your pantry
cheese	AtLocation	mall
cheese	AtLocation	container
cheese	AtLocation	home
cheese	IsA	type of food
cheese	AtLocation	shop
cheese	AtLocation	restaurant
cheese	AtLocation	your own freezer
cheese	IsA	compound of curdle cow milk
cheese	IsA	dairy product
cheese	AtLocation	refrigerator
cheese	IsA	brie
cheese	IsA	cheddar
cheese	IsA	food
hat	AtLocation	closet
hat	IsA	form of clothe
hat	AtLocation	hatbox
hat	AtLocation	house
hat	IsA	something
hat	AtLocation	build
hat	AtLocation	my head
hat	IsA	for head
hat	IsA	soft than helmet
hat	IsA	necessary protection at time
hat	IsA	wear less than they
hat	IsA	wear person head
hat	IsA	for head protection
hat	AtLocation	shop
hat	IsA	fedora
wine	IsA	sometimes
wine	IsA	alcoholic drink
wine	AtLocation	wine cellar
wine	AtLocation	winery
wine	AtLocation	bar
wine	IsA	ferment grape juice
wine	IsA	fertmented grape juice
wine	IsA	wine
wine	IsA	alcoholic beverage
wine	IsA	liquor
wine	AtLocation	grape
stopwatch	IsA	old device for measure time
stopwatch	IsA	digital these day
bisexual	IsA	equal opportunity lover
bisexual	IsA	person
bisexual	IsA	sexuality
man	IsA	play saxophone
man	IsA	change tire
man	IsA	write
man	AtLocation	car
man	IsA	male person
man	IsA	social animal
man	AtLocation	winery
man	AtLocation	bed
man	AtLocation	bar
man	IsA	someone with penis
man	IsA	monster
man	IsA	featherless biped
man	AtLocation	men room
man	IsA	hold saxaphone
man	IsA	hold tire iron
man	IsA	big than woman
man	IsA	kiss bride hand
man	IsA	help woman remove her cover
man	IsA	ride horse
man	IsA	o wolf for man
man	IsA	begger than wonan
man	IsA	play baseball
man	IsA	one-tenth conscious and nine-tenths sub-conscious
man	IsA	small part of universe
man	IsA	hold his daughter
man	IsA	dog best friend
man	AtLocation	school
man	AtLocation	mall
man	AtLocation	shop
man	AtLocation	bedroom
man	AtLocation	office
man	AtLocation	home
man	AtLocation	house
man	IsA	display trophy
man	IsA	hold trophy in his hand
man	IsA	climb mountain
man	IsA	sing or speak into microphone
man	IsA	jump hurdle
man	IsA	play basketball with boy
man	IsA	touch his shoulder
man	IsA	make speech
man	IsA	wear wig
man	IsA	tighten bolt on his tire
man	IsA	hike on mountain
man	AtLocation	his knee
man	IsA	ski down mountain slope
man	IsA	play guitar
man	IsA	hold toddler
man	IsA	carry sod with forklift
man	IsA	hold cigarette in his hand
man	IsA	fix flat tire
man	IsA	ski in rocky mountain
man	IsA	hold child
man	IsA	throw another man into pool
man	IsA	drive fire engine
man	IsA	drive forklift
man	IsA	remove clothe from dry
man	IsA	give speech at podium
man	IsA	write in book
man	IsA	father
man	AtLocation	love
man	IsA	person
man	IsA	male
man	IsA	boy
this	IsA	bicycle
this	IsA	ticket
this	IsA	live room
this	IsA	basketball
this	IsA	piggy bank
this	IsA	blue umbrella
this	IsA	yellow ribbon
this	IsA	house
this	IsA	cheese
this	IsA	comb
this	IsA	plunger
this	IsA	pocket watch
this	IsA	yo-yo
this	IsA	human ear
this	IsA	pair of sunglass
this	IsA	rolodex
this	IsA	fortune cookie
this	IsA	axe
this	IsA	submarine
this	IsA	family
this	IsA	dart board
this	IsA	bell
this	IsA	magnify glass
this	IsA	pacifier
this	IsA	shell
this	IsA	picture frame
this	IsA	hourglass
this	IsA	tornado
this	IsA	bird
this	IsA	target
this	IsA	stethoscope
this	IsA	dartboard
this	IsA	lightbulb
this	IsA	tool
this	IsA	typewriter
this	IsA	american flag
this	IsA	old typewriter
this	IsA	television
this	IsA	man hat
this	IsA	horseshoe
this	IsA	stamp
this	IsA	fan
this	IsA	baby girl
this	IsA	necklace
this	IsA	pair of glass
this	IsA	mask
this	IsA	beautiful sunset
this	IsA	coat hanger
this	IsA	silly hat
this	IsA	ear
this	IsA	hanger
this	IsA	mountain
this	IsA	wedge of swiss cheese
this	IsA	c clamp
this	IsA	alarm clock
this	IsA	plant
this	IsA	man jump over hurdle
this	IsA	black comb
this	IsA	violin
this	IsA	hatchet
this	IsA	compact disc
this	IsA	dog bone
this	IsA	lizard
this	IsA	old map of world
this	IsA	stopwatch
this	IsA	hot water bottle
this	IsA	wooden duck
this	IsA	black telephone
this	IsA	reel of film
this	IsA	admission ticket
this	IsA	speedboat
this	IsA	adjustable wrench
this	IsA	collection of fruit
this	IsA	safety pin
this	IsA	cd
this	IsA	basket of flower
this	IsA	clown fish
this	IsA	c-clamp
this	IsA	kitten
this	IsA	scene from movie
this	IsA	pen
this	IsA	air pump
this	IsA	baseball pitcher
this	IsA	steam locomotive
this	IsA	corn
this	IsA	plane
this	IsA	chair
this	IsA	umbrella
this	IsA	red balloon
this	IsA	old television
this	IsA	reptile
this	IsA	turtle
this	IsA	medal
this	IsA	singer
this	IsA	old telephone
this	IsA	hockey player
this	IsA	rubber duck
this	IsA	yellow apple
this	IsA	stethescope
this	IsA	wrench
this	IsA	pair of glove
this	IsA	chalkboard
this	IsA	brown hat
this	IsA	apple
this	IsA	hat
this	IsA	cruise ship
this	IsA	ball and some jack
this	IsA	cougar
this	IsA	basket of pear
this	IsA	picture of adjustable wrench
this	IsA	pingpong paddle
this	IsA	exercise room
this	IsA	cup of cappucino
this	IsA	eraser
this	IsA	dog with frisbee
this	IsA	baby pacifier
this	IsA	basket
this	IsA	swiss cheese
this	IsA	sunset
this	IsA	backgammon board
this	IsA	bagel with cream cheese
this	IsA	roller coaster
this	IsA	red station wagon
this	IsA	paint of thomas jefferson
this	IsA	game call backgammon
this	IsA	tank
this	IsA	blackboard
this	IsA	hour glass
this	IsA	computer
this	IsA	plastic chair
this	IsA	build
this	IsA	cowboy boot
this	IsA	collection of old book
this	IsA	sailboat
this	IsA	rubber chicken
this	IsA	bed
this	IsA	fruit
this	IsA	like money
this	IsA	black plastic comb
this	IsA	slice of swiss cheese
this	IsA	chinese fortune cookie
this	IsA	machine
this	IsA	yanni
this	IsA	dome
this	IsA	pipe
this	IsA	bird nest
this	IsA	orange ticket
this	IsA	glass of apple juice
this	IsA	big city
this	IsA	vend machine
this	IsA	pink eraser
this	IsA	red ping pong paddle
this	IsA	thumb tack
this	IsA	ceramic pig
this	IsA	ping-pong paddle
this	IsA	8 ball
this	IsA	toilet plunger
this	IsA	wedge of cheese
this	IsA	outer space
this	IsA	hard hat
this	IsA	freeway interchange
this	IsA	pair of eyeglass
this	IsA	backgammon game
this	IsA	hand hold pipe
this	IsA	mailbox
this	IsA	rubber duckie
this	IsA	fire truck
this	IsA	office build
this	IsA	soda machine
this	IsA	wooden duck decoy
this	IsA	toy
this	IsA	someone live room
this	IsA	yellow bow
this	IsA	doctor
this	IsA	wooden coat hanger
this	IsA	life ring
this	IsA	passport
this	IsA	dog
this	IsA	television set
this	IsA	dog hold frisbee
this	IsA	metal safety pin
this	IsA	mountain bike
this	IsA	picture of sunglass
this	IsA	crumple piece of paper
this	IsA	bagel
this	IsA	soft drink vend machine
this	IsA	sailboat with orange sail
this	IsA	ceramic piggy bank
this	IsA	group of penguin
this	IsA	violin on pedestal
this	IsA	life preserver
this	IsA	light bulb
this	IsA	picture frame without picture
this	IsA	ping pong paddle
this	IsA	reel of movie film
this	IsA	red yo-yo
this	IsA	clownfish
this	IsA	car
this	IsA	mountian
this	IsA	boat
this	IsA	picture of two horse
this	IsA	picture of thomas jefferson
this	IsA	suspension bridge
this	IsA	jug
this	IsA	duck
this	IsA	beach
this	IsA	diagram of human eye
this	IsA	comfy cozy home
this	IsA	us passport
this	IsA	gorgeous chunk of swiss cheese
this	IsA	good sex toy
this	IsA	historical site
this	IsA	champion stud
this	IsA	hanger use to store clothe
this	IsA	colonial style house i think
this	IsA	empty chalkboard
this	IsA	cozy live room
this	IsA	tornado on grind
this	IsA	large ship
this	IsA	weed picture
this	IsA	classic american picnic food
this	IsA	healthy breakfast
this	IsA	map of earth
this	IsA	high school play
this	IsA	old picture
this	IsA	dart board not
this	IsA	ticket with serial number
this	IsA	very tasty meal to me
this	IsA	picture from basketball game
this	IsA	commercial
this	IsA	fitness center
this	IsA	queen size bed
this	IsA	nice pen
this	IsA	library
this	IsA	peace sign necklace
this	IsA	well decorate room
this	IsA	very large ship
this	IsA	yatch club
this	IsA	type of film
this	IsA	paint
this	IsA	bono
this	IsA	look up at airplane
this	IsA	scientiest
this	IsA	object of identification
this	IsA	harmful addiction
this	IsA	game of skill and entertainment
this	IsA	lifeasver
this	IsA	lifesaver
this	IsA	telephone
this	IsA	book of music
this	IsA	container
this	IsA	lizard on leaf
this	IsA	mask for party
this	IsA	antique airplane
this	IsA	junkfood
this	IsA	abstract moment
this	IsA	obsolete object
this	IsA	very old map
this	IsA	expensive house
this	IsA	expensive pen
this	IsA	old-fashioned coffee grinder
this	IsA	conch seashell
this	IsA	flat red tree
this	IsA	vehicle of transportation
this	IsA	man black comb
this	IsA	grill hotdog
this	IsA	popular child bath toy
this	IsA	old form of travel
this	IsA	example of wed
this	IsA	advertisement
this	IsA	crumpled-up legal paper
this	IsA	goldfish
this	IsA	live room next to kitchen
this	IsA	not origami
this	IsA	woman bed
this	IsA	very fast boat
this	IsA	open plan home
this	IsA	my home
this	IsA	old pepper grinder
this	IsA	kayak
this	IsA	pc
this	IsA	bureaucratic response
this	IsA	old airplane
this	IsA	world map
this	IsA	game set
this	IsA	device to make light
this	IsA	bed in
this	IsA	machine for travel under water
this	IsA	picture of animal
this	IsA	tool for clear block toilet
this	IsA	china pig
this	IsA	typical advetising display
this	IsA	big house
this	IsA	repository for sound
this	IsA	very special instrument
this	IsA	government office build
this	IsA	coffee mill or grinder
this	IsA	beauty of form
this	IsA	child play toy duck
this	IsA	engine number 2
this	IsA	one way to measure time
this	IsA	map for find continent
this	IsA	space travel vehicle
this	IsA	way to spiritual enlightenment
this	IsA	deep blue pottery pitcher
this	IsA	usually for joke
this	IsA	helmet
this	IsA	dangerous tool
this	IsA	skink
this	IsA	early fall along forest path
this	IsA	common courtship ritual
this	IsA	sea shell
this	IsA	old t.v
this	IsA	child hat
this	IsA	soda dispense machine
this	IsA	satelite in orbit
this	IsA	tall build
this	IsA	male duck
this	IsA	basic food group
this	IsA	film strip for movie
this	IsA	planet earth
this	IsA	in paris france
this	IsA	old type of key
this	IsA	outdoors chair
this	IsA	novelty
this	IsA	like our judicial system
this	IsA	mammal
this	IsA	pocket-sized swiss knife
this	IsA	dine party
this	IsA	joystick to play game
this	IsA	dart for dart board
this	IsA	umbrealla
this	IsA	law library
this	IsA	great place to live
this	IsA	example of 1950 style
this	IsA	schwinn bicycle with hand brake
this	IsA	paint and not photograph
this	IsA	hat child would wear
this	IsA	3 1 2 inch floppy
this	IsA	big dog
this	IsA	africa
this	IsA	sushi
this	IsA	very young cat
this	IsA	skull with two eye miss
this	IsA	like weed
this	IsA	old relative of yours
this	IsA	dead crackhead or prostitute
this	IsA	3.5 inch floppy diskette
this	IsA	piece of art
this	IsA	asian jewelry
this	IsA	hat man would wear
this	IsA	really ugly car interior
this	IsA	ugly bird
this	IsA	horse shoe
this	IsA	old style key
this	IsA	happy dog
this	IsA	kitten young cat
this	IsA	muscial instrument
this	IsA	old bottle
this	IsA	big cat
this	IsA	very steep hill
this	IsA	men or boy bike
this	IsA	woman eye
this	IsA	basketball and it will bounce
this	IsA	gopher
this	IsA	write machine
this	IsA	run
this	IsA	space craft
this	IsA	arrangement of flower
this	IsA	mallard duck
this	IsA	car seat
this	IsA	where president of u.s
this	IsA	curious young cat
this	IsA	large land turtle
this	IsA	major city
this	IsA	example of clip art
this	IsA	much nice than park lot
this	IsA	male wood duck
this	IsA	mechanical typewriter
this	IsA	male reggae performer
this	IsA	modern office build
this	IsA	advertize poster
this	IsA	antiquate data storage device
this	IsA	good poker hand
this	IsA	clothe
this	IsA	full wrench
this	IsA	dart game
this	IsA	call globe
this	IsA	vacuum
this	IsA	you write music down
this	IsA	win hand in poker
this	IsA	what you store movie on
this	IsA	bib
this	IsA	very expensive home
this	IsA	healyh spa
this	IsA	very large turtle
this	IsA	map
this	IsA	pump for bicycle tire
this	IsA	very large boat
this	IsA	not marijuana
this	IsA	man
this	IsA	leader
this	IsA	birdie
this	IsA	person go to work
this	IsA	beautiful red sundet
this	IsA	beautiful red sunset
this	IsA	reel
this	IsA	modern pen
this	IsA	one dead chicken
this	IsA	stallion
this	IsA	royal flush
this	IsA	yellow park school bus
this	IsA	black mont blanc fountain pen
this	IsA	salamander
this	IsA	sail boat
this	IsA	long live slowmoving reptile
this	IsA	kewl hat
this	IsA	picture of key
this	IsA	porcelain piggy bank
this	IsA	ripe green apple
this	IsA	pretty sunset
this	IsA	musical scale
this	IsA	picture of mountain
this	IsA	picture of religious figure
this	IsA	peace sign
this	IsA	best possible situation
this	IsA	backgammon
this	IsA	how to hold cigarrette
this	IsA	pool table ball
this	IsA	cert encounter
this	IsA	business office build
this	IsA	health look ear
this	IsA	old amp
this	IsA	old map
this	IsA	vehicle
this	IsA	housenwith grass
this	IsA	ugly old woman
this	IsA	boy bike
this	IsA	old lady
this	IsA	furniture
this	IsA	room of nice house
this	IsA	tall important build
this	IsA	man best friend dog
this	IsA	tall impotant build
this	IsA	penknife
this	IsA	your brother
this	IsA	piss-poor draw
this	IsA	complex but natural shape
this	IsA	northern climate
this	IsA	paint of historical figure
this	IsA	golden retriever
this	IsA	bird in winter
this	IsA	golden retreiver
this	IsA	symbol for whole generation
this	IsA	huge waste of plastic
this	IsA	reproduction of antique map
this	IsA	antique coffee grinder
this	IsA	olympic event
this	IsA	marina
this	IsA	room to relax in
this	IsA	fine instrument
this	IsA	thing to write name on
this	IsA	old style telephone
this	IsA	see to cross cut lumber
this	IsA	small collection of 5 book
this	IsA	stage play
this	IsA	orange basketball
this	IsA	green apple
this	IsA	feel hat
this	IsA	collection of sport trophy
this	IsA	pneumatic tire pump
this	IsA	glass of fluid
this	IsA	cruise shit
this	IsA	picture of music
this	IsA	picture of bike pump
this	IsA	beautifull fish
this	IsA	picture of two snail
this	IsA	some decay fruit
this	IsA	picture of cantelope
this	IsA	wallet
this	IsA	picture of men play rugby
this	IsA	man on motorcycle
this	IsA	robot
this	IsA	throat lozenge
this	IsA	hand-operated air pump
this	IsA	lovely suspension bridge
this	IsA	life perserver
this	IsA	picture of plant
this	IsA	pocket watch with chain
this	IsA	picture of american flag
this	IsA	baby pacafier
this	IsA	old fashion key
this	IsA	person hold flopp disk
this	IsA	picture of sattalite
this	IsA	picture of city skyline
this	IsA	electrical circular fan
this	IsA	wodden duck
this	IsA	picture of frame
this	IsA	picture of school bus
this	IsA	picture of bed
this	IsA	black pocket comb
this	IsA	turtle walk
this	IsA	ear of human be
this	IsA	plumber helper
this	IsA	tool call adjustable wrench
this	IsA	bascet of flower
this	IsA	old-fashioned manual typewriter
this	IsA	screw-in lightbulb
this	IsA	shiny black plastic comb
this	IsA	reel of cinema film
this	IsA	typewriter old typewriter
this	IsA	world
this	IsA	telephone with rotary dial
this	IsA	two horse
this	IsA	dish of sushi
this	IsA	one hand see
this	IsA	desktop full of office supply
this	IsA	sunset as
this	IsA	small shallow lake
this	IsA	plain bagel with cream cheese
this	IsA	black old-fashioned telephone
this	IsA	some fruit
this	IsA	military airplane in flight
this	IsA	collection of tophies
this	IsA	child stand on beach
this	IsA	leather cowboy boot
this	IsA	hockey game
this	IsA	violent destructive weather event
this	IsA	leafy path through wood
this	IsA	cup of cuppucinno
this	IsA	eight ball
this	IsA	red jojo
this	IsA	steam locomotion
this	IsA	cute brown dog
this	IsA	rotary non touch-key telephone
this	IsA	manual non-electric typewriter
this	IsA	open mailbox with letter inside
this	IsA	part of guitar
this	IsA	silhouette of bird
this	IsA	antique bicycle
this	IsA	blackboard with chalk
this	IsA	pink rubber erasor
this	IsA	antique fan
this	IsA	phillips-head machine screw and bolt
this	IsA	us military airplane
this	IsA	photograph of lightning
this	IsA	rotary-dial telephone
this	IsA	red yoyo
this	IsA	picture of male bird
this	IsA	pen instrument
this	IsA	ice hockey player
this	IsA	wooden coathanger
this	IsA	brown dog treat
this	IsA	kitten look at something
this	IsA	poster picture someone meditate
this	IsA	mountain lake
this	IsA	beatiful even sky
this	IsA	old fan
this	IsA	shiny duck decoy
this	IsA	picture of three hot-air balloon
this	IsA	red plastic baseball helmet
this	IsA	old-fashioned black steam locomotive
this	IsA	antique-styled frame probably
this	IsA	plate of sushi
this	IsA	old rotary phone
this	IsA	cup
this	IsA	saxiphone
this	IsA	stuff
this	IsA	nut and bolt
this	IsA	hand hold cigarette
this	IsA	funny costume
this	IsA	double bed
this	IsA	pose family portrait photograph
this	IsA	giant tortoise
this	IsA	old-fashioned television set
this	IsA	peace necklace
this	IsA	airplane
this	IsA	highway with overpass
this	IsA	picture of starship enterprise
this	IsA	picture of lizard
this	IsA	photograph of typewriter
this	IsA	red vacuum clean
this	IsA	red yo yo
this	IsA	ping pong batton
this	IsA	old fashion bike
this	IsA	beautiful white storeyed build
this	IsA	wannabe musician
this	IsA	bicycle with rear suspension
this	IsA	open donut
this	IsA	old style desk fan
this	IsA	tortoise on land
this	IsA	crescent wrench
this	IsA	picture of desk-top computer
this	IsA	piece of rubber
this	IsA	human hand hold three jewel
this	IsA	boy bicycle
this	IsA	queen elizabeth ii of great britain
this	IsA	set of book
this	IsA	gold medal
this	IsA	group of person sail
this	IsA	picture of musical note
this	IsA	music book
this	IsA	jockey on horse
this	IsA	island with tree
this	IsA	wooden sculpture of duck
this	IsA	ax
this	IsA	amatuer photo of tornado
this	IsA	compact disc or cd
this	IsA	pepsi vend maching
this	IsA	bike pump
this	IsA	dry up pick of corn
this	IsA	shiny red hat
this	IsA	pepsi device
this	IsA	pool beside beach
this	IsA	gold bone
this	IsA	lovely old house
this	IsA	black party mask
this	IsA	park yellow school bus
this	IsA	pink flower
this	IsA	doctor read
this	IsA	unite state passport cover page
this	IsA	open mailbox
this	IsA	golfbag full of golfclubs
this	IsA	war medal
this	IsA	doctor stethescope
this	IsA	cute little rubber ducky
this	IsA	picture of salimander
this	IsA	cute and furry dog
this	IsA	suchi
this	IsA	trail in wood
this	IsA	game
this	IsA	mutli colour propellor hat
this	IsA	swish army knife
this	IsA	hand with stopwatch
this	IsA	picture of thumbtack
this	IsA	ball
this	IsA	very weird whale
this	IsA	drink
this	IsA	bird in flight
this	IsA	tac
this	IsA	hand power coffee grinder
this	IsA	pitcher
this	IsA	paint of george washington
this	IsA	person write in book
this	IsA	picture of human eye
this	IsA	jewelry
this	IsA	paint of person head
this	IsA	person ski
this	IsA	baseball pitcher throw baseball
this	IsA	crumple notebook paper
this	IsA	picture of five book
this	IsA	rubber stamp
this	IsA	baseball player swinge his bat
this	IsA	game of marble
this	IsA	old key
this	IsA	person hand hold cigarette
this	IsA	queen
this	IsA	pocket knife
this	IsA	pile of fruit
this	IsA	red fire engine
this	IsA	plunger with brown handle
this	IsA	bottle of yellow liquid
this	IsA	photo of family
this	IsA	studio portrait of family
this	IsA	hand hold watch
this	IsA	city
this	IsA	brown horse
this	IsA	bird fly
this	IsA	stylize depiction of musical notation
this	IsA	family pose for portrait
this	IsA	clamp
this	IsA	two men play basketball
this	IsA	b-29 superfortress warplane
this	IsA	couple kiss
this	IsA	lighten
this	IsA	turtul or porpoise
this	IsA	game of soccer
this	IsA	picture of fire truck
this	IsA	picture of decoy
this	IsA	yoyo
this	IsA	picture of bell
this	IsA	man sing with microphone
this	IsA	assortment of fruit
this	IsA	gold fish in bowl
this	IsA	picture of floppy disc
this	IsA	pessimism detector
this	IsA	felis concolor
this	IsA	varmint
this	IsA	shiny silver bell
this	IsA	clothe hanger
this	IsA	some kind of lizard
this	IsA	girl on beach
this	IsA	push pin
this	IsA	3 1 2 diskette
this	IsA	golf bag with club
this	IsA	pair of eye glass
this	IsA	study group
this	IsA	bird nest with three egg
this	IsA	red dart
this	IsA	picture of golden retriever dog
this	IsA	very stylize version of bone
this	IsA	peace sign on necklace
this	IsA	human hand hold dart
this	IsA	spalding basketball
this	IsA	glass contain fruit juice
this	IsA	hilly city with tall build
this	IsA	vine type plant
this	IsA	male horse
this	IsA	manual typewriter
this	IsA	hatchet use for chop wood
this	IsA	bullseye
this	IsA	interstate
this	IsA	chair with wheel
this	IsA	picture of rolodex
this	IsA	sheet music and conductor baton
this	IsA	assortment of fresh fruit
this	IsA	flat map of world
this	IsA	old black telephone
this	IsA	passport book
this	IsA	slightly open c-clamp
this	IsA	hatchet or axe by itself
this	IsA	aple
this	IsA	coat and hat rack
this	IsA	umbrellla
this	IsA	typewritter
this	IsA	old kind of rack
this	IsA	man play football
this	IsA	portrait of thomas jefferson
this	IsA	fish bowl
this	IsA	brown pair of glass
this	IsA	piece of swiss cheese
this	IsA	school bus
this	IsA	advertisement for apple juice
this	IsA	car stereo system
this	IsA	football playet catch football
this	IsA	table fan
this	IsA	dessert
this	IsA	photograph of family
this	IsA	rock climber
this	IsA	pamphlet
this	IsA	tree
this	IsA	flag
this	IsA	young child and man
this	IsA	exercise equipment
this	IsA	ball and jack
this	IsA	accident
this	IsA	piece of cheese
this	IsA	gold delicious apple
this	IsA	unite state passport
this	IsA	girl walk along beach
this	IsA	radio cd tape deck in car
this	IsA	man sing into microphone
this	IsA	steam locomotive engine
this	IsA	hawk while fly
this	IsA	glass pitcher
this	IsA	two old person exercise
this	IsA	goldfish in fishbowl
this	IsA	wooden mallard duck decoy
this	IsA	variety of personal care product
this	IsA	full cup of coffee
this	IsA	guy sing into microphone
this	IsA	table tennis racket
this	IsA	red hard hat
this	IsA	two person look through binoculars
this	IsA	human hand hold cigarette
this	IsA	old fashion alarm clock
this	IsA	dinner party in someone home
this	IsA	pushpin
this	IsA	black comb for straighten hair
this	IsA	white office build
this	IsA	paint of african wildlife
this	IsA	picture of animal commonly
this	IsA	old machine
this	IsA	mechanical scale
this	IsA	picture of outer space
this	IsA	movie reel
this	IsA	cowbooy boot
this	IsA	hot dog
this	IsA	some type of medal
this	IsA	crumple ball of paper
this	IsA	crumple ball of notebook paper
this	IsA	electric fan
this	IsA	office build and drive
this	IsA	some type of doctor
this	IsA	plain light bulb
this	IsA	set of novelty chatter tooth
this	IsA	doctor give examination
this	IsA	tortoise or turtle
this	IsA	small mammal..maybe groundhog
this	IsA	brown derby hat
this	IsA	imbalanced scale
this	IsA	poor picture of bed
this	IsA	rubber nipple
this	IsA	excercise equipment
this	IsA	bill clinton
this	IsA	bono from band u2
this	IsA	speedboat go fast
this	IsA	hand see
this	IsA	prozaic picture of fish
this	IsA	poster
this	IsA	submarine with person on it
this	IsA	megalomaniac
this	IsA	shiny black comb
this	IsA	white house with porch
this	IsA	man and boy
this	IsA	red schwinn mountain bike
this	IsA	bicycle air pump
this	IsA	large house
this	IsA	coathanger
this	IsA	interchange on highway
this	IsA	bed in someone bedroom
this	IsA	foliage
this	IsA	victorian era home
this	IsA	sail regatta
this	IsA	john quincy adam
this	IsA	diaper pin
this	IsA	pepsi machine
this	IsA	pair of shade
this	IsA	televison
this	IsA	chuch and blackboard
this	IsA	red audi
this	IsA	stopwatch in hand
this	IsA	city with skyscraper
this	IsA	mailbox with mail in it
this	IsA	sport event call show jump
this	IsA	grind hog
this	IsA	someone apartment
this	IsA	old see
this	IsA	half fill glass of water
this	IsA	picture of human ear
this	IsA	young baby human
this	IsA	color map of world
this	IsA	axe with wooden handle
this	IsA	comfrotable well-furnished live room
this	IsA	brown wooden clothe hanger
this	IsA	black zorro mask
this	IsA	bone
this	IsA	yellow delicious apple
this	IsA	complicate highway
this	IsA	screw and nut
this	IsA	bride and groom
this	IsA	style of architecture
this	IsA	brown dog
this	IsA	album cover
this	IsA	single seat two wheel bicycle
this	IsA	4 story office build
this	IsA	picture of steam train
this	IsA	man empty wash machine
this	IsA	false tooth toy
this	IsA	young baby
this	IsA	professional basketball game
this	IsA	sumo wrestle match
this	IsA	comfortable chair
this	IsA	black board with chalk
this	IsA	pass
this	IsA	cougar large cat
this	IsA	rectangular wicker basket of flower
this	IsA	3 1 2 inch flopppy disc
this	IsA	person ear
this	IsA	air force plane
this	IsA	horse
this	IsA	marina where they dock boat
this	IsA	great dane
this	IsA	highway
this	IsA	bow
this	IsA	apple pie ala mode
this	IsA	cigarette
this	IsA	relief map of world
this	IsA	speed boat
this	IsA	forest path
this	IsA	old fashion coffee grinder
this	IsA	golf bag
this	IsA	swim pool at hotel
this	IsA	horse jump
this	IsA	scale
this	IsA	eight-ball
this	IsA	black mask
this	IsA	metal horseshoe
this	IsA	waterfowl
this	IsA	target for shoot practice
this	IsA	glass contain drink
this	IsA	bare bone
this	IsA	old-fashioned manually drive coffee grinder
this	IsA	sheet music and conduct baton
this	IsA	human ride horse
this	IsA	live room scene with furniture
this	IsA	beautiful gold pocket watch
this	IsA	duck swim in water
this	IsA	steak and vegetable on grill
this	IsA	ceramic statue fo pig
this	IsA	batter get
this	IsA	hand carry rose
this	IsA	bottle hold orangish fluid
this	IsA	life saver
this	IsA	couple watch television
this	IsA	hand hold some jewelry
this	IsA	livingroom in house
this	IsA	house with green lawn
this	IsA	thumbtack
this	IsA	ticket to event
this	IsA	picture of unopened umbrella
this	IsA	photograph of entertainer
this	IsA	spaceship
this	IsA	panel on stereo
this	IsA	picture of card
this	IsA	large pencil eraser
this	IsA	picture of many person
this	IsA	starship
this	IsA	sattelite
this	IsA	old fashion electric fan
this	IsA	old-fashioned analog clock
this	IsA	peace symbol medallion
this	IsA	telegraph
this	IsA	book about meditation
this	IsA	small bir
this	IsA	horseshow
this	IsA	little girl with dog
this	IsA	two star-gazers
this	IsA	two person jog
this	IsA	two woman with binoculars
this	IsA	two person look at star
this	IsA	man play basketball
this	IsA	fishbowl
this	IsA	five penguin
this	IsA	lumberjack competition
this	IsA	small kitten
this	IsA	variety of fresh fruit
this	IsA	colorful fish
this	IsA	two rock climber
this	IsA	two ear of corn
this	IsA	two men play hockey
this	IsA	small sailboat
this	IsA	blue car
this	IsA	brown and white horse
this	IsA	woman jump in lake
this	IsA	man climb mountain
this	IsA	small kittne
this	IsA	small bird
this	IsA	baby play in yard
this	IsA	firetruck
this	IsA	streetcar
this	IsA	four hours race
this	IsA	large bomber plane
this	IsA	man and small girl
this	IsA	jar
this	IsA	ceramic pitcher with blue glaze
this	IsA	wooden ax
this	IsA	schoolbus in park lot
this	IsA	use brown comboy boot
this	IsA	empty gym
this	IsA	bono lead singe of u2
this	IsA	boy two-wheeled bicycle
this	IsA	rubber duck toy
this	IsA	comedy device call chatter tooth
this	IsA	hour-glass
this	IsA	traditional alarm clock
this	IsA	boat in water
this	IsA	picture of many tall build
this	IsA	picture of two person hug
this	IsA	handsaw with wooden handle
this	IsA	funnel cloud usually
this	IsA	key
this	IsA	ordinary incandescant light bulb
this	IsA	table tennis paddle
this	IsA	fun and excite sailboat race
this	IsA	old-fashioned clock
this	IsA	bottle of liquid orange soap
this	IsA	wooden mallard duck
this	IsA	little boy play
this	IsA	sailboat on lake
this	IsA	busy freeway
this	IsA	goldfish swim in fishbowl
this	IsA	pitcher for hold liquid
this	IsA	balance
this	IsA	picture of yellow ribbon
this	IsA	infant pacifier
this	IsA	partially coiled-up stethescope
this	IsA	dog with it mouth open
this	IsA	hand hold rubber chicken
this	IsA	picture of three balloon
this	IsA	waterproof chair for use outside
this	IsA	large boat
this	IsA	picture of corn husk
this	IsA	music learn book
this	IsA	human eye work
this	IsA	sunset behind some tree
this	IsA	hummingbird in flight
this	IsA	nice live room
this	IsA	old turtle
this	IsA	small cat
this	IsA	ping-pong pad
this	IsA	cimbali coffee cup
this	IsA	path through wood
this	IsA	large tortoise
this	IsA	collection of compound leave
this	IsA	mark of office
this	IsA	draw of animal
this	IsA	build with many window
this	IsA	dangerous item
this	IsA	very tall build
this	IsA	grinder
this	IsA	picture of hourglass
this	IsA	beanie
this	IsA	model of starship enterprise
this	IsA	picture of doctor
this	IsA	front view of television
this	IsA	baby face
this	IsA	billiard ball
this	IsA	picture of stethescope
this	IsA	picture of two dice
this	IsA	picture of rubber duck
this	IsA	picture of horse shoe
this	IsA	giant turtle
this	IsA	hiker go up mountain
this	IsA	old horse shoe
this	IsA	boy and girl
this	IsA	black pen
this	IsA	man with long hair sing
this	IsA	coffee cup on saucer
this	IsA	granny smith apple
this	IsA	sthetoscope
this	IsA	doctor study report
this	IsA	clutter office desk
this	IsA	person cross bridge
this	IsA	attempt at humor
this	IsA	your mom
this	IsA	hum bird
this	IsA	wed
this	IsA	bag of golf club
this	IsA	adjustable spanner
this	IsA	blue jug
this	IsA	duck on water
this	IsA	red safety helmet
this	IsA	glass tumbler
this	IsA	automate soft drink dispenser
this	IsA	picture of wrench
this	IsA	picture of fitness center
this	IsA	address book
this	IsA	picture of decoy duck
this	IsA	man hand hold rose
this	IsA	typical car stereo
this	IsA	small television set
this	IsA	four engine plane
this	IsA	red water bottle
this	IsA	old fashion food grinder
this	IsA	hopelessness
this	IsA	ordinary hot water bottle
this	IsA	lawn chair
this	IsA	enormous cruise ship
this	IsA	picture of red yo-yo
this	IsA	white life preserver
this	IsA	decorate black boot
this	IsA	old typewriter with paper load
this	IsA	file system
this	IsA	pocketknife with red handle
this	IsA	cyclone or tornado
this	IsA	cartoon picture of taxi
this	IsA	saltwater fish
this	IsA	collage of african animal image
this	IsA	pink pencil eraser
this	IsA	hand-held magnify glass
this	IsA	delicous green apple
this	IsA	slightly dirty cd or dvd
this	IsA	display of athletic trophy
this	IsA	plastic duckling
this	IsA	auto be
this	IsA	woman in yellow kayak
this	IsA	small blue pitcher
this	IsA	philips-headed machine screw and nut
this	IsA	upright vacuum clean
this	IsA	old-fashioned key
this	IsA	red ping-pong paddle
this	IsA	person compete in ride competition
this	IsA	old-fashioned alarm clock
this	IsA	hatchet or hand-axe
this	IsA	man mountain or rough-terrain bicycle
this	IsA	bunch of flower
this	IsA	young cat
this	IsA	plastic doggy bone
this	IsA	incandescent lightbulb
this	IsA	race bicycle
this	IsA	photo of human ear
this	IsA	assortment of sport trophy
this	IsA	very clutter desk top
this	IsA	carpenter hand see
this	IsA	box backgammon game in progress
this	IsA	box backgammon game set
this	IsA	snow-covered mountain as
this	IsA	lunar module
this	IsA	door ticket to some event
this	IsA	high speed race motorboat
this	IsA	collection of hair care product
this	IsA	ceramic jar
this	IsA	heavy armor fighing vehicle
this	IsA	man hand hold pipe
this	IsA	soft plastic baby pacifier
this	IsA	1950s vintage boy bicycle
this	IsA	antique typewriter
this	IsA	coal-burning locomotive engine
this	IsA	light green apple
this	IsA	city skyline
this	IsA	glass half
this	IsA	duck hunt lure
this	IsA	red and white firetruck
this	IsA	cutaway of nautilus shell
this	IsA	carpenter saw
this	IsA	san francisco cable car
this	IsA	hat of sort
this	IsA	cold drink dispense machine
this	IsA	cutaway of chamber nautilus
this	IsA	army tank on road
this	IsA	group of sailboat
this	IsA	lizard on plant
this	IsA	plumber plunger
this	IsA	wooden clothe hanger
this	IsA	super-highway interchange
this	IsA	antique rotary dial telephone
this	IsA	photograph of person ear
this	IsA	dial telephone
this	IsA	target shooter target
this	IsA	range of desert mountain
this	IsA	pair of red dice
this	IsA	patio or deck chair
this	IsA	park red station wagon
this	IsA	golden apple
this	IsA	photo of large city
this	IsA	rose bud
this	IsA	short-haired tabby kitten
this	IsA	space station orbit earth
this	IsA	duck swim in pond
this	IsA	picture of 6 old book
this	IsA	gym with exercise equipment
this	IsA	space station
this	IsA	tray of japanese sushi
this	IsA	set of balance or scale
this	IsA	pair of gray woolen mitten
this	IsA	peace emblem on cord
this	IsA	branch
this	IsA	globe with ocean
this	IsA	hiker climb mountain ridge
this	IsA	cruise liner
this	IsA	bunch of magenta color flower
this	IsA	group of six hard-bound book
this	IsA	rubber doggie bone
this	IsA	roadway in forest
this	IsA	polo match
this	IsA	small pond or stream
this	IsA	desk globe
this	IsA	pocket comb
this	IsA	compact disk or cd
this	IsA	set of brass balance
this	IsA	award or medal
this	IsA	old-fashioned oscillate electric table fan
this	IsA	space satellite orbit earth
this	IsA	man comb
this	IsA	assortment of different fruit
this	IsA	antique pepper or coffee mill
this	IsA	plant with magenta flower
this	IsA	hand-operated coffee bean grinder
this	IsA	pink rubber eraser
this	IsA	young tabby color kitten
this	IsA	pink rectangular solid
this	IsA	hatchet with wood handle
this	IsA	musical score
this	IsA	cup on saucer
this	IsA	fire engine
this	IsA	harbor with boat
this	IsA	antique pocket watch
this	IsA	old-fashioned ink pen
this	IsA	highspeed ocean race inboard motorboat
this	IsA	1960s vintage television set
this	IsA	carpender hand see
this	IsA	duck hunt decoy
this	IsA	personal computer
this	IsA	incandescent light bulb
this	IsA	safty helmet paint gloss red
this	IsA	picture of bush
this	IsA	roller coster
this	IsA	ink pin
this	IsA	photograph of house
this	IsA	white plastic push pin
this	IsA	photo of polo game
this	IsA	hot-water bottle
this	IsA	mountain or rough-terrain bicycle
this	IsA	fish with yellow body
this	IsA	baseball player throw baseball
this	IsA	life preserver and be
this	IsA	man hand hold dart
this	IsA	phillips screw and nut
this	IsA	old house of style
this	IsA	dog sit down
this	IsA	vacuum clean
this	IsA	box backgammon set
this	IsA	illustration of some animal
this	IsA	sailboat with two orange sail
this	IsA	bicyclist
this	IsA	hawk on wing
this	IsA	vacation cruise liner
this	IsA	lighten storm over house
this	IsA	picture of office supply
this	IsA	skyscraper empire state build
this	IsA	three-storied house
this	IsA	toy call costume
this	IsA	coffee griner
this	IsA	target for gun
this	IsA	drink vend machine
this	IsA	rubber
this	IsA	rotary file
this	IsA	bushel of apple
this	IsA	paper target
this	IsA	man wear glass
this	IsA	hand-operated bell
this	IsA	eagle in flight
this	IsA	tank on roadway
this	IsA	nuclear submarine
this	IsA	man change tire
this	IsA	empty school bus
this	IsA	musician
this	IsA	wilt flower on table
this	IsA	rope bridge
this	IsA	photograph
this	IsA	bicycle pump
this	IsA	gym
this	IsA	confrontation
this	IsA	pair of skier
this	IsA	unhealthy food
this	IsA	water bottle
this	IsA	television show
this	IsA	collection of office supply
this	IsA	picture of nuclear-powered submarine
this	IsA	antique electric fan
this	IsA	ornate picture frame
this	IsA	automatic beverage vend machine
this	IsA	queen elizabeth ii wear crown
this	IsA	board game call backgammon
this	IsA	picture of pen
this	IsA	turtle or tortoise
this	IsA	picture of medal
this	IsA	nest contain three blue egg
this	IsA	crumple piece of note paper
this	IsA	placid scene of river
this	IsA	rubber bone
this	IsA	right hand hold pipe
this	IsA	bedside alarm clock
this	IsA	white tack
this	IsA	book
this	IsA	st
this	IsA	record cover
this	IsA	lounge room
this	IsA	brown horse with white foot
this	IsA	oil paint
this	IsA	man mountain bike
this	IsA	comparative illustration juxtapose planet photograph
this	IsA	old television receiver
this	IsA	leafy path in autumn
this	IsA	nuclear disarmament pendant
this	IsA	crumple handwrite paper
this	IsA	float plastic toy duckling
this	IsA	ink pen
this	IsA	president clinton talk to child
this	IsA	picture of kitchen supply
this	IsA	spacecraft
this	IsA	bridge
this	IsA	unite state medal
this	IsA	bed with flower bedspread
this	IsA	picture of duck
this	IsA	tundra
this	IsA	forest
this	IsA	boot
this	IsA	image of rose
this	IsA	fact
this	IsA	hatchback
this	IsA	bed for sex
this	IsA	limit
this	IsA	freeway overpass
this	IsA	oriental book
this	IsA	see
this	IsA	object
some plant	IsA	rich green than others
some plant	IsA	unwanted weed
hike	IsA	exercise too
hike	IsA	strenuous work
hike	IsA	good way to get exercise
condom	AtLocation	sock drawer
condom	AtLocation	pharmacy
condom	AtLocation	your bedroom
condom	AtLocation	bedroom
condom	AtLocation	supermarket
condom	AtLocation	around playgroud
condom	AtLocation	your pocket
condom	AtLocation	my dick
condom	IsA	call rubber
condom	IsA	commonly
turtle	IsA	slow reptile
turtle	IsA	reptile with hard shell
turtle	IsA	interest animal
turtle	IsA	small than person
turtle	IsA	slow move animal
turtle	IsA	interest reptile
turtle	IsA	fantastic reptile
turtle	IsA	reptile and therefore cold-blooded
turtle	IsA	dinasaurs
turtle	IsA	slow move creature
turtle	IsA	mammal
turtle	AtLocation	zoo
turtle	IsA	reptile
turtle	IsA	animal
turtle	AtLocation	ocean
fat lady	AtLocation	opera
monopoly	IsA	board game
monopoly	IsA	classic boardgame
food	AtLocation	resturant
food	IsA	usually
food	AtLocation	shelf
food	AtLocation	your stomach
food	IsA	often
food	AtLocation	at dinner
food	AtLocation	in fridge
food	AtLocation	in pantry
food	AtLocation	your kitchen
food	AtLocation	my stomach
food	AtLocation	winery
food	AtLocation	fair
food	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
food	AtLocation	your house
food	AtLocation	school
food	AtLocation	your mouth
food	AtLocation	backpack
food	AtLocation	at restaurant
food	AtLocation	in restaurant
food	IsA	nurishment
food	AtLocation	refridgerator
food	AtLocation	food storage
food	AtLocation	truck
food	AtLocation	organic garden
food	IsA	what human need to survive
food	IsA	esential for human life
food	IsA	different color
food	IsA	nessecary to live
food	IsA	neseccary to live
food	AtLocation	build
food	AtLocation	closet
food	AtLocation	dine room
food	AtLocation	city
food	AtLocation	farmer market
food	AtLocation	bowl alley
food	AtLocation	vineyard
food	AtLocation	bottle wine
food	AtLocation	bob jones university
food	AtLocation	friend wed
food	IsA	often select
food	IsA	bread
food	AtLocation	plate
food	IsA	chicken
food	AtLocation	energy
food	IsA	water
food	AtLocation	pizza
religious tract	AtLocation	church
religious tract	AtLocation	library
religious tract	AtLocation	proselyte hand
monarchy	IsA	form of government
monarchy	IsA	government by one person
monarchy	IsA	outdated form of governent
monarchy	IsA	old form of government
monarchy	AtLocation	kingdom
monarchy	IsA	government
live	IsA	grow old
live	AtLocation	bottom of ocean
live	IsA	be free
flight attendant	AtLocation	plane
flight attendant	IsA	job
flight attendant	AtLocation	on plane
milk	IsA	dairy product
milk	AtLocation	container
milk	IsA	often
milk	AtLocation	market
milk	AtLocation	supermarket
milk	AtLocation	house
milk	AtLocation	kitchen
milk	IsA	part of many food
milk	AtLocation	farmer market
milk	AtLocation	milk process plant
milk	AtLocation	cow
milk	AtLocation	bottle
milk	AtLocation	carton
milk	IsA	liquid
closet	AtLocation	clothe in bedroom
closet	AtLocation	school
closet	AtLocation	clothe in house
closet	IsA	place
closet	AtLocation	house
closet	AtLocation	indoor paint
closet	AtLocation	broom
closet	AtLocation	coat
closet	AtLocation	homosexual
closet	AtLocation	skeleton
grocery	IsA	form of grocer shop
grocery	AtLocation	shelf
bread	AtLocation	supermarket
bread	AtLocation	store
bread	AtLocation	market
bread	AtLocation	dinner
bread	AtLocation	refrigerator
bread	IsA	structural element in sandwich
bread	IsA	type of food
bread	AtLocation	pastry shop
bread	AtLocation	in bakery
bread	AtLocation	on your table
bread	AtLocation	in your kitchen
bread	AtLocation	winery
bread	AtLocation	resturant
bread	IsA	commonly
bread	AtLocation	breadbox
bread	IsA	food
bread	AtLocation	butter
bread	AtLocation	sandwich
bread	IsA	roll
hammer	AtLocation	tool box
hammer	AtLocation	hardware store
hammer	AtLocation	at repair shop
hammer	AtLocation	garage
hammer	AtLocation	piano
hammer	IsA	useful tool
hammer	AtLocation	repair shop
sex	IsA	enjoyable activity
sex	IsA	sweaty activity
sex	IsA	messy activity
sex	IsA	heart-pounding experience
sex	IsA	way to earn money
sex	IsA	biological function
sex	IsA	not often
sex	IsA	leisure activity
sex	IsA	something to be do responsibly
sex	IsA	spiritual activity
sex	IsA	primarily for procreation
sex	IsA	call sexual intercourse
sex	IsA	pleasureable
sex	AtLocation	house
sex	AtLocation	home
sex	IsA	often
sex	IsA	good thing
sex	IsA	three letter word
sex	AtLocation	bed
sex	IsA	activity
electric socket	AtLocation	wall
purple	IsA	cool color
purple	IsA	color
home	IsA	where heart be
home	IsA	live in
home	IsA	where person live
home	IsA	where you live
home	IsA	place where one life
home	IsA	where you hang your hat
home	IsA	comfortable place to live
home	IsA	where someone life
home	AtLocation	money
home	AtLocation	leather
home	AtLocation	tent
home	IsA	where you make it
home	IsA	place to live
home	IsA	where poeple live
home	IsA	shelter for person
home	IsA	where heart life
home	IsA	where you lie your hat
home	IsA	necessity
home	AtLocation	where your heart be
home	IsA	comfort
home	IsA	house
chess knight	IsA	piece in game
chess knight	AtLocation	chess tournement
tool	AtLocation	repair shop
tool	IsA	aid to man work
tool	AtLocation	toolbelt
tool	AtLocation	toolshed
tool	AtLocation	tool box
tool	AtLocation	neighbor house
tool	AtLocation	workbench
tool	AtLocation	tool shed
tool	IsA	mankind great achievement
tool	IsA	there to help to learn
tool	AtLocation	your house
tool	AtLocation	office
tool	AtLocation	store
tool	AtLocation	street
tool	AtLocation	basement
tool	IsA	object
tool	AtLocation	garage
tool	IsA	wrench
tool	IsA	saw
tool	IsA	instrument
puck	AtLocation	hockey rink
puck	IsA	piece of game
puck	AtLocation	sport good store
puck	IsA	mischievous sprite in english folklore
puck	IsA	3 inch in diameter
puck	AtLocation	hockey game
note	AtLocation	desk
note	IsA	symbol
note	AtLocation	fridge
note	AtLocation	envelope
note	IsA	money
note	AtLocation	door
note	IsA	often
note	AtLocation	box
note	AtLocation	screen
note	IsA	music
hotel room	AtLocation	resort
son	IsA	male child
son	IsA	male offspring
son	IsA	male kid of his parent
son	AtLocation	his home
son	AtLocation	hospital nursery
son	AtLocation	library
son	AtLocation	park
son	IsA	person
son	AtLocation	bedroom
son	AtLocation	classroom
son	AtLocation	class
son	AtLocation	bed
son	AtLocation	apartment
son	AtLocation	house
son	IsA	member of family
son	IsA	parent male child
son	IsA	relative
son	IsA	offspring
curtain	AtLocation	opera
curtain	AtLocation	house
curtain	AtLocation	window
curtain	AtLocation	theater
empire state build	IsA	in new york city
empire state build	AtLocation	new york city
empire state build	IsA	skyscraper
empire state build	IsA	in new york
empire state build	IsA	102 story tall
field	AtLocation	corn
field	AtLocation	mouse
field	AtLocation	meadow
field	AtLocation	wheat
field	AtLocation	country
woman	IsA	female person
woman	AtLocation	kayak
woman	AtLocation	love
woman	IsA	female adult person
woman	AtLocation	store
woman	AtLocation	bar
woman	AtLocation	lady room
woman	IsA	female human
woman	AtLocation	bedroom
woman	AtLocation	home
woman	AtLocation	wait for her lover
woman	IsA	wear sunglass
woman	IsA	small then men
woman	AtLocation	kiyak
woman	IsA	jump into river
woman	IsA	rub nose with infant
woman	IsA	bieng help down into quarry
woman	IsA	row small boat
woman	IsA	flirt with baby
woman	IsA	hold baby up
woman	IsA	climb rock
woman	IsA	ride rorse among beautiful tree
woman	IsA	hold child between her hand
woman	IsA	exercise with baby
woman	IsA	hold young child
woman	IsA	jump to lake or river
woman	IsA	jump in lake
woman	IsA	triing to come doun rock
woman	IsA	mayor
woman	IsA	female
woman	IsA	mother
woman	IsA	person
woman	IsA	girl
jam bond	IsA	spy
jam bond	IsA	fictional spy
jam bond	IsA	secret agent
bicycle	IsA	machine
bicycle	AtLocation	park
bicycle	IsA	two-wheeled vehicle
bicycle	IsA	mean of transportation
bicycle	AtLocation	toy store
bicycle	IsA	mechanize form of transport
bicycle	IsA	mode of transportation
bicycle	IsA	simple machine for move person easily
bicycle	IsA	human power transport
bicycle	AtLocation	city
bicycle	AtLocation	town
bicycle	IsA	efficient form of human transportation
bicycle	IsA	good form of exercise
bicycle	IsA	aerobic sport
bicycle	IsA	tool for explore
bicycle	IsA	toy
bicycle	IsA	method of transport
bicycle	IsA	tool
bicycle	AtLocation	india
bicycle	IsA	fast than car
bicycle	IsA	light than car
bicycle	IsA	rarely
bicycle	IsA	very effcient way to travel
bicycle	IsA	call bike
bicycle	IsA	form of locomotion
bicycle	IsA	non-polluting form of transport
bicycle	IsA	machine for transportation
bicycle	IsA	classic form of transportation
bicycle	IsA	human power form of transportation
bicycle	AtLocation	street corner
bicycle	AtLocation	corner of two street
bicycle	AtLocation	park lot
bicycle	AtLocation	repair shop
bicycle	AtLocation	race track
bicycle	IsA	vehicle type
bicycle	AtLocation	garage
bicycle	AtLocation	street
bicycle	IsA	two wheel vehicle
bicycle	IsA	form of transportation
bicycle	IsA	bike
mailbox	AtLocation	post office
mailbox	AtLocation	apartment
mailbox	AtLocation	street corner
mailbox	AtLocation	porch
mailbox	AtLocation	hardware store
mailbox	AtLocation	apartment complex
mailbox	IsA	container for letter
mailbox	IsA	favorite target of unabomber
mailbox	IsA	where postman deliver you mail
mailbox	IsA	small than bed
mailbox	AtLocation	apartment build
mailbox	AtLocation	letter
ticket window	AtLocation	train station
ticket window	AtLocation	bus depot
battle	IsA	part of war
battle	AtLocation	middle east
battle	AtLocation	iraq
battle	AtLocation	middle eastern country
battle	IsA	fight between enemy
battle	IsA	event type
salad bowl	AtLocation	cupboard
salad bowl	AtLocation	kitchen
salad bowl	AtLocation	french restaurant
salad bowl	AtLocation	cabinet
salad bowl	AtLocation	buffet
salad bowl	AtLocation	restaurant
pencil sharpener	AtLocation	desk
pencil sharpener	AtLocation	office
pencil sharpener	AtLocation	your desk
pencil sharpener	AtLocation	school
pencil sharpener	AtLocation	schoolroom
pencil sharpener	AtLocation	desk drawer
ski	IsA	winter sport
ski	IsA	fun sport
ski	IsA	form of transportation
ski	IsA	dangerous sport
ski	IsA	good form of excercise
ski	IsA	winter activity
ski	IsA	spot
ski	IsA	good way to meet woman
ski	IsA	make out of wood
ski	IsA	winter time sport
ski	IsA	thrill sport
ski	IsA	popular winter activity
ski	IsA	fun outdoor sport
ski	IsA	recreational sport
ski	IsA	activity
glue	IsA	substance
glue	AtLocation	desk drawer
glue	AtLocation	tube
glue	AtLocation	book bind
glue	AtLocation	school
beer keg	AtLocation	fraternity house
twenty-six letter	AtLocation	english alphabet
highlighter pen	AtLocation	desk
highlighter pen	AtLocation	desk drawer
highlighter pen	AtLocation	student backpack
highlighter pen	AtLocation	student desk
highlighter pen	AtLocation	office max
student	AtLocation	art museum
student	AtLocation	library
student	AtLocation	at bob jones university
student	IsA	occupation
student	AtLocation	pub
student	AtLocation	kindergarten class
student	AtLocation	in classroom
student	AtLocation	at university
student	AtLocation	in class
student	AtLocation	college class
student	AtLocation	homeschool
student	AtLocation	australia
student	AtLocation	institution
student	IsA	job
student	IsA	person who learn at school
student	AtLocation	earth
student	IsA	study in library
student	AtLocation	house
student	AtLocation	park
student	AtLocation	bookstore
student	AtLocation	office
student	AtLocation	bar
student	IsA	person
student	AtLocation	at school
student	AtLocation	school
student	AtLocation	classroom
earth	IsA	one astronomical unit from sun
earth	AtLocation	solar system
earth	IsA	oblate spheroid
earth	IsA	round planet
earth	IsA	4.5 billion year old
earth	IsA	place name
earth	IsA	word
earth	IsA	natural build material
earth	IsA	oblate sphereoid
earth	IsA	planet in our solar system
earth	AtLocation	shape of sphere
earth	IsA	one au from sun
earth	IsA	object
earth	IsA	small part of universe
earth	AtLocation	tree
earth	IsA	big than moon
earth	IsA	call world
earth	IsA	partially-molten planet
earth	IsA	small than sun
earth	IsA	three-fifths ocean
earth	IsA	7,924 mile in diameter
earth	IsA	70 water
earth	IsA	oblate sphere
earth	AtLocation	in solar system
earth	IsA	72 water
earth	AtLocation	milky way
earth	IsA	shpere
earth	IsA	constantly in movement
earth	IsA	small orb float in space
earth	IsA	big than globe
earth	IsA	m class planet
earth	IsA	big universe
earth	IsA	round not flat
earth	IsA	25,000 mile in circumfrence
earth	IsA	be pollute and will soon perish
earth	IsA	sphere
earth	AtLocation	life
earth	AtLocation	space
earth	IsA	planet
earth	AtLocation	worm
earth	IsA	globe
earth	AtLocation	sun
stapler	AtLocation	desktop
stapler	AtLocation	desk drawer
stapler	AtLocation	store
stapler	AtLocation	house
stapler	AtLocation	office build
stapler	AtLocation	build
stapler	AtLocation	university
stapler	AtLocation	in office
stapler	AtLocation	post office
stapler	AtLocation	mall
stapler	AtLocation	library
stapler	AtLocation	city
stapler	AtLocation	box of office supply
stapler	AtLocation	hotel
stapler	AtLocation	bank
stapler	AtLocation	home
stapler	AtLocation	shop
stapler	IsA	object
stapler	IsA	office supply
stapler	AtLocation	office supply store
stapler	AtLocation	cabinet
stapler	IsA	everyday item
stapler	AtLocation	grocery store
stapler	AtLocation	apartment
stapler	AtLocation	bookstore
stapler	AtLocation	room
stapler	AtLocation	supermarket
stapler	AtLocation	your desk
stapler	IsA	device
stapler	AtLocation	desk
stapler	AtLocation	work
stapler	AtLocation	office
motorcycle	AtLocation	garage
motorcycle	IsA	fatsret than scooter
motorcycle	IsA	environmentally positive way of transportation
motorcycle	IsA	toy
motorcycle	IsA	two wheel vehicle
motorcycle	AtLocation	street
motorcycle	AtLocation	street corner
motorcycle	IsA	vehicle type
motorcycle	IsA	vehicle
chess king	AtLocation	chess set
chess king	AtLocation	game board
soprano	IsA	television show
soprano	IsA	woman
soprano	AtLocation	choir
plant	AtLocation	park
plant	AtLocation	greenhouse
plant	AtLocation	surface of earth
plant	AtLocation	porch
plant	IsA	live organism and they produce oxygen
plant	IsA	live thing
plant	AtLocation	on windowsill
plant	AtLocation	wood
plant	AtLocation	field
plant	IsA	live entity
plant	IsA	in greenhouse
plant	AtLocation	flower pot
plant	AtLocation	outside
plant	IsA	rabbit food
plant	IsA	decoration in many house
plant	IsA	classify accord to their characteristic
plant	IsA	live object
plant	IsA	lifeform
plant	AtLocation	windowsill
plant	IsA	tomato
plant	IsA	tree
plant	AtLocation	garden
plant	IsA	grass
plant	AtLocation	pot
plant	IsA	weed
plant	IsA	flower
skeleton	AtLocation	bone
skeleton	AtLocation	closet
screen	AtLocation	drive-in movie
screen	AtLocation	theater
screen	AtLocation	movie
pork	AtLocation	dinner
pork	IsA	meat
rent apartment	AtLocation	city
rent apartment	AtLocation	inner city
rent apartment	AtLocation	apartment build
rent apartment	AtLocation	chicago
rent apartment	AtLocation	apartment complex
company	AtLocation	suburb
company	AtLocation	any large city
company	AtLocation	big city
company	AtLocation	town
company	AtLocation	countryside
company	AtLocation	new york
company	AtLocation	build
company	IsA	legal entity
company	AtLocation	yellow page
mail	AtLocation	mail box
mail	AtLocation	table
mail	IsA	not
mail	AtLocation	post office
mail	AtLocation	your house
mail	AtLocation	house
mail	IsA	one way person exchange information
mail	IsA	become less popular because of email
mail	IsA	information pass
mail	IsA	information
mail	IsA	here
mail	IsA	communication
mail	AtLocation	letter
map	AtLocation	library
map	AtLocation	glove compartment
map	AtLocation	bookstore
map	AtLocation	backpack
map	IsA	repre
map	IsA	two-dimensional picture of place
map	AtLocation	gas-station
map	AtLocation	glove box
map	IsA	symbolic representation
map	IsA	source of information
map	IsA	scale model
map	IsA	topographical
map	IsA	usefull
map	IsA	diagram of world
map	IsA	two dimensional representation of world
map	IsA	draw of location
map	IsA	globe
glass front cupboard	AtLocation	dine room
glass front cupboard	AtLocation	kitchen
glass front cupboard	AtLocation	new england home
talk	IsA	information source
talk	IsA	chat
brazil	IsA	in south america
brazil	IsA	country in south america
brazil	IsA	very large country
bathroom	IsA	room
bathroom	AtLocation	toilet in house
bathroom	AtLocation	hotel
bathroom	AtLocation	house
bathroom	AtLocation	at hotel
bathroom	IsA	euphemism for toilet
bathroom	IsA	room for bathe and toileting
bathroom	AtLocation	mall
bathroom	AtLocation	at rest area
bathroom	AtLocation	at home
bathroom	AtLocation	convenience store
bathroom	AtLocation	apartment
bathroom	AtLocation	friend house
bathroom	AtLocation	theater
bathroom	AtLocation	school
bathroom	IsA	place
bathroom	AtLocation	bookstore
bathroom	AtLocation	rest area
bathroom	AtLocation	bath
bathroom	AtLocation	pee
bathroom	AtLocation	soap
bathroom	IsA	restroom
bathroom	AtLocation	bathtub
bathroom	AtLocation	towel
bathroom	AtLocation	water
dentist	IsA	nice person
dentist	AtLocation	dentist
dentist	IsA	bastard
dentist	AtLocation	cavity
dentist	AtLocation	office
knob	AtLocation	television
knob	AtLocation	door
piano	IsA	percussion instrument
piano	IsA	musical instrument
piano	AtLocation	concert hall
piano	IsA	keyboard instrument
piano	IsA	furniture
piano	IsA	very popular musical instrument
piano	AtLocation	draw room
piano	IsA	heavy musical instrument
piano	AtLocation	church
piano	IsA	instrument for play music
piano	AtLocation	orchestra
piano	IsA	mechanical and acoustic device
piano	AtLocation	store
piano	AtLocation	our house
piano	IsA	music instrument
piano	AtLocation	symphony
piano	AtLocation	restaurant
piano	IsA	instrument of music
piano	AtLocation	concert
gambler	AtLocation	race track
gambler	AtLocation	casino
number	AtLocation	phone book
number	AtLocation	social security number
number	AtLocation	someone address
number	AtLocation	mathematics
number	AtLocation	telephone book
number	IsA	digit of value
number	AtLocation	roulette wheel
number	IsA	call digit
number	IsA	digit of value available form of decimal number be 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and 9
number	IsA	object
number	AtLocation	phonebook
number	AtLocation	math textbook
number	IsA	ten
number	IsA	two
number	IsA	three
number	IsA	one
number	IsA	cardinal
pizzeria	AtLocation	little italy
pizzeria	AtLocation	mall
pizzeria	AtLocation	chicago
pizzeria	IsA	restaurant
pizzeria	IsA	restarant
pizzeria	AtLocation	populate area
pizzeria	IsA	restarant that serve pizza
letter opener	AtLocation	stationery store
letter opener	AtLocation	martyr chest
letter opener	AtLocation	rich household
letter opener	AtLocation	any office
letter opener	AtLocation	dek
vegetable garden	AtLocation	back yard
vegetable garden	AtLocation	backyard
vegetable garden	AtLocation	ranch
plane ticket	AtLocation	pocket
plane ticket	AtLocation	briefcase
cookie	AtLocation	cookie jar
cookie	AtLocation	your house
cookie	AtLocation	plate
cookie	AtLocation	my mouth
cookie	IsA	not spell cooky
cookie	IsA	food
cookie	AtLocation	jar
cannon	AtLocation	17th century ship
cannon	IsA	firearm
cannon	AtLocation	warship
cannon	IsA	weapon of war
cannon	IsA	weapon
cannon	AtLocation	cannonball
rest	IsA	necessary part of life
costume	AtLocation	opera
costume	IsA	fun way of express oneself
library	IsA	collection of book
library	AtLocation	school
library	AtLocation	town
library	IsA	place
library	AtLocation	build
library	IsA	place of wonder
library	IsA	good place to go for research
library	AtLocation	college
library	IsA	place you can find book
library	AtLocation	at university
library	IsA	library
library	IsA	place to study for school
library	IsA	place to study
library	IsA	place for book
library	IsA	good place to learn thing
library	IsA	place to be quiet
library	IsA	great place to meet girl
library	AtLocation	desert section of town
library	IsA	quiet place
library	IsA	good place to study
library	AtLocation	librarian
library	AtLocation	dust
oxygen	AtLocation	earth
oxygen	AtLocation	in air
oxygen	AtLocation	space shuttle
oxygen	IsA	piece of water molecule
oxygen	IsA	gas
oxygen	IsA	element
oxygen	AtLocation	water
utah	IsA	state
utah	IsA	popular place to ski
nebraska	IsA	state
vermont	IsA	state
florida	IsA	hot place to live
oregon	IsA	state
pumpkin	AtLocation	farmer market
pumpkin	IsA	domesticate plant
pumpkin	IsA	gourd
clothe shelf	AtLocation	closet
clothe shelf	AtLocation	cupboard
butter	IsA	dairy product
butter	AtLocation	fridge
butter	AtLocation	restaurant
butter	AtLocation	resturant
butter	IsA	ingredient often
butter	AtLocation	your table
butter	AtLocation	your pantry
butter	AtLocation	apartment
butter	AtLocation	farmer market
butter	AtLocation	store
butter	IsA	sometimes
butter	IsA	like solid milk
butter	AtLocation	shop
butter	AtLocation	house
butter	AtLocation	refrigerator
butter	IsA	food
butter	AtLocation	bread
tile	AtLocation	room
tile	IsA	form of ceramic
tile	AtLocation	wall
tile	AtLocation	roof
cottage	IsA	build
cottage	AtLocation	mountain
cottage	AtLocation	village
cottage	IsA	house
italian restaurant	AtLocation	city
tourniquet	AtLocation	hospital
tourniquet	AtLocation	emergency kit
billboard	AtLocation	city
clothe	AtLocation	trunk
clothe	AtLocation	hamper
clothe	AtLocation	dresser
clothe	AtLocation	in closet
clothe	AtLocation	mall
clothe	AtLocation	shop
clothe	AtLocation	department store
clothe	IsA	societal necesity
clothe	AtLocation	in trunk
clothe	AtLocation	at shop
clothe	AtLocation	wash machine
clothe	AtLocation	clothe store
clothe	AtLocation	factory
clothe	AtLocation	home
clothe	AtLocation	person
clothe	AtLocation	floor
clothe	AtLocation	clothesline
clothe	IsA	1970 vintage
clothe	IsA	often
clothe	IsA	not permanent thing
clothe	AtLocation	suitcase
clothe	AtLocation	closet
clothe	AtLocation	drawer
clothe	AtLocation	store
clothe	IsA	dress
clothe	AtLocation	house
rug	IsA	floor cover
rug	AtLocation	table
rug	AtLocation	front of door
rug	AtLocation	desk
rug	IsA	usually
rug	IsA	slang word for toupae
bass fiddle	AtLocation	band
bass fiddle	IsA	instrument
bass fiddle	AtLocation	country band
bass fiddle	AtLocation	orchestra
bass fiddle	AtLocation	bluegrass band
insect	AtLocation	pond
insect	AtLocation	garden
insect	AtLocation	log
insect	IsA	organism
insect	IsA	live thing
insect	AtLocation	field
insect	IsA	arthropod
insect	AtLocation	leaf
insect	AtLocation	hole
insect	AtLocation	rock
insect	AtLocation	he grind
insect	IsA	mammal
insect	IsA	lifeform
insect	AtLocation	air
insect	IsA	animal
insect	IsA	ant
insect	IsA	ladybug
insect	IsA	mosquito
insect	IsA	fly
insect	IsA	cockroach
insect	IsA	beetle
insect	IsA	bug
insect	IsA	worm
head	AtLocation	morgue
head	IsA	body part
head	IsA	bodypart
head	AtLocation	somebody neck
head	AtLocation	submarine
head	AtLocation	shoulder
corn	AtLocation	can
corn	IsA	starchy vegetable
corn	IsA	starchy vegtable
corn	AtLocation	supermarket
corn	AtLocation	corn field
corn	AtLocation	polenta
corn	AtLocation	silo\
corn	AtLocation	garden
corn	IsA	member of grass family
corn	IsA	edible grain
corn	IsA	popular food
corn	IsA	not rice
corn	IsA	agricultural bless
corn	IsA	new world grain
corn	IsA	icky
corn	IsA	domesticate plant
corn	IsA	grain also know as maise
corn	IsA	from america
corn	IsA	food person eat
corn	IsA	fiber
corn	IsA	plant on farmland
corn	AtLocation	shop
corn	AtLocation	field
corn	AtLocation	cob
corn	AtLocation	iowa
corn	IsA	vegetable
corn	IsA	grain
corn	IsA	plant
corn	IsA	starch
carpet	AtLocation	church
carpet	IsA	floor cover
carpet	AtLocation	desk
carpet	AtLocation	office
carpet	AtLocation	your bed
carpet	AtLocation	build
carpet	AtLocation	at home
carpet	AtLocation	rug store
carpet	AtLocation	room of house
carpet	AtLocation	inside
carpet	AtLocation	on floor
carpet	AtLocation	live room
carpet	AtLocation	landfill
carpet	AtLocation	closet
carpet	IsA	soft than wood
carpet	IsA	soft then tile
carpet	AtLocation	library
carpet	AtLocation	school
carpet	AtLocation	kitchen
carpet	AtLocation	floor
carpet	AtLocation	dirt
carpet	AtLocation	room
sleep	AtLocation	house
sleep	IsA	good thing
sleep	IsA	necessity
sleep	IsA	when human body recharge
paper punch	AtLocation	desk drawer
paper punch	AtLocation	desk
paper punch	AtLocation	office
beam	AtLocation	build
beam	AtLocation	bridge
beam	IsA	structural support
beam	AtLocation	roof
beam	AtLocation	ceiling
city	AtLocation	germany
city	IsA	large than town
city	IsA	habitat just like forrest
city	IsA	center of world power
city	IsA	large town
city	IsA	municipality
city	AtLocation	surface of earth
city	IsA	big noisy place
city	IsA	bussy
city	IsA	set of build
city	IsA	loud than country
city	IsA	place where person live
city	IsA	where person live
city	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
city	IsA	where many person live together
city	AtLocation	home
city	IsA	toronto
city	IsA	london
city	IsA	place
wardrobe	AtLocation	bedroom
wardrobe	IsA	container for clothe
wardrobe	AtLocation	house
wardrobe	AtLocation	clothe cupboard
wardrobe	IsA	collection of clothe
wardrobe	AtLocation	in room
wardrobe	AtLocation	home
wardrobe	IsA	furniture item
politician	AtLocation	washington d.c
politician	IsA	frequently lawyer
politician	AtLocation	washington
politician	IsA	always in public eye
politician	IsA	civic leader
politician	AtLocation	control
politician	AtLocation	whorehouse
politician	IsA	thief
cigarette smoke	AtLocation	bar
cigarette smoke	IsA	mutagenic
cigarette smoke	IsA	symbol
ferris wheel	AtLocation	fairground
ferris wheel	AtLocation	carnival
ferris wheel	AtLocation	at fairground
mug	AtLocation	cupboard
mug	AtLocation	cabinet
mug	AtLocation	kitchen
mug	IsA	container
mug	AtLocation	store
mug	AtLocation	coffee
fireman	IsA	public servant
fireman	IsA	brave person
fireman	IsA	person
audience	AtLocation	hockey game
audience	AtLocation	at concert
audience	AtLocation	at opera
audience	IsA	group of person
audience	AtLocation	at movie
audience	AtLocation	arena
audience	AtLocation	studio
expressway	AtLocation	city
expressway	AtLocation	outskirt of big city
expressway	IsA	main road
expressway	AtLocation	large city
expressway	AtLocation	new york
expressway	IsA	highway
expressway	AtLocation	country
golden retriever	IsA	breed of dog
golden retriever	IsA	friendly dog
golden retriever	IsA	type of dog
golden retriever	IsA	faithful dog
golden retriever	IsA	loyal dog
golden retriever	IsA	well behave dog
golden retriever	IsA	intelligent dog
golden retriever	IsA	popular family dog
golden retriever	IsA	friendly breed of dog
golden retriever	IsA	popular type of dog
golden retriever	IsA	dog
information	IsA	abstraction
information	AtLocation	manual
information	AtLocation	diskette
information	IsA	power over others
information	IsA	sometimes
information	IsA	data
information	IsA	knowledge
information	AtLocation	internet
information	AtLocation	library
information	AtLocation	television
brown	IsA	color
picnic table	AtLocation	park
picnic table	AtLocation	state park
picnic table	AtLocation	at rest area
helium balloon	AtLocation	circus
helium balloon	AtLocation	birthday party
helium balloon	AtLocation	parade
helium balloon	IsA	light than air
attribute	IsA	property
steal	IsA	crime
judge	AtLocation	car show
judge	IsA	job
judge	AtLocation	judicial branch of government
judge	IsA	lawyer
judge	AtLocation	trial
cut your hair	IsA	way of conform
fingerprint	AtLocation	your finger
fingerprint	AtLocation	fridge
fingerprint	IsA	unique identification
headline	IsA	summary of news story
headline	AtLocation	newspaper
mayor	AtLocation	town hall
mayor	AtLocation	city hall
mayor	IsA	elect official
mayor	AtLocation	city hal
mayor	IsA	in politics
mayor	AtLocation	city
paint picture	AtLocation	art studio
paint picture	IsA	art
president	IsA	elect official
president	AtLocation	board room
president	AtLocation	white house
president	IsA	35 year old
president	IsA	important person
president	IsA	celebrity
president	IsA	greet person
president	IsA	leader
birthday	IsA	annual event
birthday	IsA	celebration of our age
birthday	IsA	time to celebrate with family
birthday	IsA	important human celebration
ice	AtLocation	antarctica
ice	AtLocation	grocery store
ice	AtLocation	supermarket
ice	AtLocation	hockey game
ice	AtLocation	polar area
ice	IsA	material
ice	IsA	near frictionless surface
ice	AtLocation	in freezer
ice	AtLocation	refridgerator
ice	IsA	solid water
ice	AtLocation	ice tea
ice	IsA	cold than liquid water
ice	IsA	water
ice	IsA	solid
breathe	IsA	activity
ad	AtLocation	newspaper
board game	AtLocation	toy store
board game	IsA	sometimes
board game	IsA	game
board game	AtLocation	cupboard
board game	AtLocation	den
floor	AtLocation	desk
floor	AtLocation	closet
floor	AtLocation	bed
floor	AtLocation	home depot
floor	AtLocation	australia
floor	AtLocation	store
floor	AtLocation	winery
floor	AtLocation	gas station
floor	AtLocation	your bed
floor	AtLocation	table
floor	AtLocation	room
floor	AtLocation	carpet
cage	AtLocation	zoo
cage	AtLocation	bird
electronics store	AtLocation	shop mall
electronics store	AtLocation	mall
electronics store	AtLocation	strip mall
satellite	IsA	orbit earth
satellite	AtLocation	in space
satellite	AtLocation	outerspace
satellite	IsA	outside earth atmosphere
satellite	IsA	high tech
satellite	IsA	planet
satellite	AtLocation	orbit
satellite	IsA	moon
apple tree	AtLocation	washington state
apple tree	AtLocation	countryside
apple tree	AtLocation	country
apple tree	AtLocation	backyard
apple tree	AtLocation	park
apple tree	AtLocation	back yard
apple tree	AtLocation	new york
apple tree	AtLocation	orchard
apple tree	AtLocation	earth
apple tree	AtLocation	valley
apple tree	AtLocation	grove
apple tree	AtLocation	apple grove
apple tree	AtLocation	front yard
apple tree	AtLocation	pennsylvania
apple tree	AtLocation	unite state
apple tree	AtLocation	apple tree farm
apple tree	AtLocation	meadow
apple tree	AtLocation	my backyard
apple tree	IsA	tree
apple tree	AtLocation	nursery catalog
apple tree	AtLocation	arboritum
apple tree	AtLocation	farm
apple tree	AtLocation	florida
apple tree	AtLocation	wisconsin
apple tree	AtLocation	uzbekistan
apple tree	AtLocation	new mexico
apple tree	AtLocation	someone yard
apple tree	AtLocation	great outdoors
apple tree	AtLocation	arboratum
apple tree	AtLocation	book johnny appleseed
apple tree	AtLocation	field
furnace	AtLocation	cellar
furnace	IsA	heat source
furnace	AtLocation	basement
forest	IsA	group of tree
forest	AtLocation	south america
forest	AtLocation	earth
forest	IsA	natural growth area
forest	IsA	not
forest	IsA	home to many animal
forest	IsA	place of peace and serenity
forest	IsA	place of spiritual strength
forest	AtLocation	russia
forest	AtLocation	tree
forest	AtLocation	rain
forest	AtLocation	life
dream	IsA	mental activity occur during sleep
dream	AtLocation	rainbow
dream	IsA	thing you do when you sleep
leather	IsA	material
leather	IsA	animal skin
leather	IsA	tan animal skin
leather	AtLocation	cobbler shop
leather	AtLocation	stable
leather	IsA	durable material
leather	IsA	flexable
leather	IsA	make form cow skin
leather	IsA	most often
leather	AtLocation	sex shop
leather	IsA	fabric
leather	AtLocation	department store
flask	AtLocation	chemistry lab
flask	AtLocation	lab
flask	AtLocation	science lab
type	IsA	form of write
fish	IsA	in water
fish	IsA	sport
fish	AtLocation	at sea
fish	AtLocation	in ocean
fish	AtLocation	in lake
fish	IsA	common pet
fish	AtLocation	lake superior
fish	AtLocation	in aquarium
fish	AtLocation	under water
fish	AtLocation	zoo
fish	AtLocation	end of line
fish	AtLocation	bridge
fish	AtLocation	bottom of sea
fish	AtLocation	australia
fish	AtLocation	china
fish	IsA	hobby
fish	IsA	not mammal
fish	AtLocation	body of water
fish	AtLocation	fishtank
fish	AtLocation	coral reef
fish	AtLocation	fish creel
fish	AtLocation	fry pan
fish	IsA	fun sport
fish	IsA	sometimes
fish	IsA	bouyant
fish	IsA	popular pet
fish	IsA	easy pet to take care of
fish	IsA	both eat and keep as pet
fish	IsA	sealife
fish	AtLocation	fish tank
fish	AtLocation	atlantic ocean
fish	IsA	one way to make money
fish	IsA	common kind of food
fish	AtLocation	water
fish	AtLocation	sea
fish	IsA	animal
fish	IsA	salmon
fish	AtLocation	pond
fish	IsA	tuna
fish	AtLocation	ocean
fish	IsA	goldfish
fish	IsA	cod
rabbit	AtLocation	rabbit hutch
rabbit	AtLocation	in mountain
rabbit	AtLocation	comic
rabbit	IsA	game
rabbit	IsA	mammal
rabbit	IsA	pet
quill brush	AtLocation	museum
quill brush	AtLocation	china
quill brush	AtLocation	artist home
quill brush	AtLocation	stationary store
handbag	AtLocation	store
first class airplane seat	AtLocation	first class
spit	AtLocation	your mouth
spit	IsA	dirty habit
spit	AtLocation	water
chinese restaurant	AtLocation	city
chinese restaurant	AtLocation	china
chinese restaurant	AtLocation	new york
chinese restaurant	AtLocation	any chity
chinese restaurant	AtLocation	chinatown
emu	IsA	flightless bird
emu	AtLocation	zoo
emu	IsA	bird
chef	IsA	someone who cook as job
chef	AtLocation	resturant
chef	AtLocation	kitchen
bar stool	AtLocation	restaurant
bar stool	AtLocation	tavern
bar stool	AtLocation	kitchen
hairdryer	AtLocation	hotel bedroom
hairdryer	AtLocation	beauty parlor
ocean	IsA	body of water
ocean	AtLocation	surface of earth
ocean	IsA	great mass of water
ocean	IsA	large body of water
ocean	IsA	deep body of water
ocean	IsA	cruel mistress
ocean	IsA	very large amount of water
ocean	IsA	where life first begin
ocean	IsA	big than lake
ocean	IsA	popular vacation destination
ocean	IsA	place
ocean	AtLocation	any ocean
ocean	AtLocation	earth
ocean	AtLocation	sea
ocean	AtLocation	wave
ocean	AtLocation	beach
ocean	AtLocation	salt
ocean	AtLocation	fish
sculpture	AtLocation	art show
sculpture	AtLocation	gallery open
jewelry	AtLocation	jewelry box
jewelry	AtLocation	safe
jewelry	AtLocation	jewelry shop
jewelry	AtLocation	mansion
jewelry	AtLocation	department store
jewelry	IsA	symbol of creativity
jewelry	IsA	political statement
jewelry	AtLocation	jewl case
jewelry	IsA	necklace
something you find upstairs	IsA	room
something you find upstairs	IsA	bathroom
something you find upstairs	IsA	bed
something you find upstairs	IsA	person
something you find upstairs	IsA	attic
something you find upstairs	IsA	bedroon
clean	IsA	job
beach towel	AtLocation	beach
beach towel	AtLocation	linen closet
religion	IsA	form of crude superstition
religion	IsA	powerful force
religion	IsA	very complex topic
religion	IsA	subjective create mythology
religion	IsA	abstract idea
religion	IsA	wish-fulfillment
religion	IsA	body of social rule
religion	IsA	organize foolishness
religion	AtLocation	confessional
religion	IsA	belief system
religion	IsA	explanation of human existence
religion	IsA	drug for mass
religion	IsA	point of debate
religion	IsA	buddhism
religion	AtLocation	cathedral
religion	IsA	christianity
religion	IsA	judaism
religion	IsA	faith
religion	IsA	atheism
instrument	AtLocation	laboratory
instrument	AtLocation	case
instrument	AtLocation	orchestra or band
instrument	AtLocation	music shop
instrument	IsA	toy
instrument	IsA	musician tool
instrument	IsA	tool for do something
instrument	AtLocation	music hall
instrument	IsA	trumpet
instrument	IsA	piano
instrument	IsA	tool
instrument	IsA	clarinet
instrument	AtLocation	orchestra
instrument	IsA	guitar
instrument	IsA	flute
town	AtLocation	state
town	AtLocation	valley
town	AtLocation	countryside
town	IsA	small than city
town	AtLocation	utah
town	AtLocation	car
town	IsA	village
town	AtLocation	place
town	AtLocation	country
bedroom	AtLocation	apartment
bedroom	AtLocation	at home
bedroom	AtLocation	in bed
bedroom	IsA	place
bedroom	AtLocation	closet
bedroom	IsA	room
bedroom	AtLocation	sheet
bedroom	AtLocation	bed
bedroom	AtLocation	carpet
mercury	IsA	only metal
mercury	IsA	liquid metal
mercury	AtLocation	universe
mercury	IsA	heavy metal
mercury	IsA	lifeless planet
mercury	IsA	metal
mercury	IsA	liquid
mercury	IsA	element
some music	IsA	like poetry
clarinet	IsA	musical instrument
clarinet	IsA	woodwind instrument
clarinet	IsA	wind instrument
clarinet	IsA	horn musical instrument
clarinet	IsA	long thin instrument
clarinet	AtLocation	clarinet case
clarinet	IsA	member of woodwind section
clarinet	AtLocation	band
clarinet	AtLocation	orchestra
clarinet	IsA	instrument
fruit	IsA	healthy food
fruit	IsA	nature candy
fruit	IsA	often
fruit	IsA	good snack than candy
fruit	IsA	food or strange person
fruit	IsA	healthy dietary choice
fruit	AtLocation	fruit grove
fruit	IsA	important food source
fruit	AtLocation	fridge
fruit	IsA	good snack
fruit	IsA	source of vitamin c
fruit	AtLocation	refridgerator
fruit	IsA	important food group
fruit	IsA	another name for homosexual
fruit	IsA	healthhy
fruit	IsA	kind of food
fruit	AtLocation	in refrigerator
fruit	IsA	healty
fruit	IsA	bounty of earth
fruit	IsA	bautiful
fruit	IsA	pretty than vegetable
fruit	IsA	one way of spread seed
fruit	IsA	topic of artist work
fruit	IsA	healthy than candy
fruit	IsA	sweat and juicy
fruit	IsA	color intensely
fruit	IsA	important part in our diet
fruit	IsA	sweet and good
fruit	IsA	healthy food and taste good
fruit	IsA	product of nature
fruit	IsA	good source of vitamin c
fruit	IsA	green before they ripen
fruit	IsA	way plant spread seed
fruit	IsA	bloat ovary
fruit	AtLocation	kitchen
fruit	AtLocation	forest
fruit	AtLocation	pizza
fruit	AtLocation	farmer market
fruit	AtLocation	resturant
fruit	AtLocation	shop
fruit	AtLocation	house
fruit	AtLocation	field
fruit	AtLocation	apartment
fruit	AtLocation	home
fruit	AtLocation	freezer
fruit	AtLocation	dinner
fruit	AtLocation	store
fruit	IsA	fruit
fruit	IsA	rarely
fruit	IsA	something
fruit	IsA	good source of vitamin
fruit	IsA	banana
fruit	IsA	lemon
fruit	AtLocation	basket
fruit	IsA	food
fruit	IsA	orange
fruit	AtLocation	vegetable
fruit	IsA	pineapple
fruit	IsA	tomato
fruit	AtLocation	tree
fruit	IsA	pear
fruit	IsA	apple
fruit	IsA	mango
go fish	IsA	card game
go fish	IsA	popular child card game
leg	AtLocation	bucket of chicken
leg	IsA	body part
leg	IsA	thing something or someone stand on
leg	IsA	limb
leg	AtLocation	chair
gym	IsA	place
gym	IsA	enclose area for get fit
gym	IsA	good plce to relax
gym	IsA	good place to catch cold
gym	AtLocation	town
gym	AtLocation	city
gym	AtLocation	build
gym	AtLocation	any large city
gym	AtLocation	ball
business	AtLocation	office build
business	AtLocation	city
business	IsA	business
business	AtLocation	big city
french fry	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
french fry	IsA	fast food
french fry	AtLocation	fast food restaurant
traffic light	AtLocation	corner of two street
traffic light	AtLocation	at corner of two street
traffic light	IsA	machine
traffic light	AtLocation	crossroad
traffic light	AtLocation	intersection
traffic light	AtLocation	street
60 minute	AtLocation	hour
chicken	AtLocation	freezer
chicken	AtLocation	pizza
chicken	IsA	biped
chicken	IsA	prey
chicken	IsA	main source of food
chicken	IsA	farm animal
chicken	AtLocation	plate
chicken	IsA	often
chicken	IsA	mistreat
chicken	IsA	cook use barbecue
chicken	IsA	your friend
chicken	IsA	meat
chicken	IsA	fowl
chicken	AtLocation	soup
chicken	IsA	food
chicken	IsA	hen
chicken	AtLocation	farm
chicken	IsA	bird
cheque	AtLocation	cheque book
cheque	AtLocation	bank
alcoholic	AtLocation	bar
alcoholic	IsA	person
alcoholic	AtLocation	homeless shelter
alcoholic	AtLocation	liquor store
alcoholic	IsA	person unable to stop habit of drink too much alcoholic beverage
pizza	IsA	disc-shaped food item
pizza	IsA	fast food
pizza	AtLocation	pizza parlor
pizza	AtLocation	plate
pizza	IsA	favorite food of many
pizza	IsA	italian food
pizza	AtLocation	shop
pizza	AtLocation	house
pizza	AtLocation	mall
pizza	AtLocation	your table
pizza	AtLocation	apartment
pizza	AtLocation	store
pizza	AtLocation	pizza store
pizza	AtLocation	mushroom
pizza	AtLocation	oven
pizza	AtLocation	food
pizza	AtLocation	pepperoni
pizza	AtLocation	tomato
knowledge	IsA	powerful thing
knowledge	IsA	good thing
knowledge	IsA	apply information
knowledge	AtLocation	your head
knowledge	IsA	power if use properly
knowledge	IsA	not wisdom
knowledge	IsA	evolve fast than life
knowledge	AtLocation	classroom
knowledge	AtLocation	school
knowledge	AtLocation	encyclopedia
knowledge	IsA	information
chimney	AtLocation	on roof
phone number	AtLocation	phone book
safety pin	IsA	useful fastener
safety pin	IsA	fastener
safety pin	IsA	useful device
safety pin	IsA	sharp and can stick finger
safety pin	IsA	usefull
safety pin	IsA	very convenient invention
safety pin	IsA	safe to use than straight pin
safety pin	IsA	fastener for cloth
safety pin	IsA	for fasten thing
safety pin	IsA	most frequently uesd on diaper
safety pin	IsA	one type of fastener
one person	IsA	person
plunger	IsA	tool to be use carefully
plunger	IsA	call plumber friend
plunger	IsA	face down
plunger	IsA	tool to unclog toilet
plunger	IsA	tool for plumb
plunger	IsA	tool commonly
peace	IsA	opposite of war
peace	IsA	ideal
peace	AtLocation	world wide
peace	AtLocation	our dream
peace	IsA	life without war
peace	IsA	something you wear on necklace
peace	IsA	concept not object
peace	IsA	something to be strive for
peace	IsA	goal worth strive for
saxophone	IsA	wind instrument
saxophone	AtLocation	band\
saxophone	AtLocation	jazz band
saxophone	IsA	very cool instrument
saxophone	IsA	modern instrument
saxophone	IsA	wood wind instrument
saxophone	IsA	musical instrument
saxophone	AtLocation	band
saxophone	AtLocation	orchestra
saxophone	IsA	woodwind
mask	IsA	way to hide
mask	AtLocation	carnival
murder	IsA	heinous form of crime
murder	IsA	bad act
murder	IsA	serious crime
murder	IsA	calculate move
murder	IsA	activity
murder	AtLocation	war
murder	IsA	kill another person
murder	IsA	crime
murder	IsA	homicide
murder	IsA	evil
salt	AtLocation	ocean water
salt	AtLocation	salt mine
salt	AtLocation	shelf
salt	IsA	msg
salt	AtLocation	mine
salt	AtLocation	shaker
salt	AtLocation	table
salt	AtLocation	sea
fork	IsA	eat utensil
fork	AtLocation	drawer
fork	AtLocation	at dinner
fork	AtLocation	cutlery drawer
fork	AtLocation	resturant
fork	AtLocation	build
fork	AtLocation	house
fork	AtLocation	in restaurant
fork	AtLocation	cabinet
fork	AtLocation	home
fork	AtLocation	cupboard
fork	AtLocation	kitchen drawer
fork	AtLocation	plane
fork	AtLocation	store
fork	AtLocation	restaurant
fork	AtLocation	silverware drawer
fork	AtLocation	table
fork	IsA	utensil
fork	AtLocation	kitchen
fork	AtLocation	road
fork	AtLocation	knife
fork	AtLocation	plate
moon	AtLocation	orbit around earth
moon	IsA	satelite of earth
moon	AtLocation	night sky
moon	IsA	place
moon	IsA	satellite of planet earth
moon	IsA	sacred symbol
moon	IsA	in orbit arount earth
moon	AtLocation	in orbit
moon	IsA	very strangle place
moon	IsA	small planet
moon	IsA	sattelite of earth
moon	IsA	inhabitated place
moon	IsA	much small than earth
moon	IsA	solar body
moon	IsA	artificial satellite
moon	IsA	big than it look
moon	IsA	lite by sun
moon	IsA	big than pea
moon	IsA	not on arth
moon	IsA	small than their planet
moon	IsA	satelite
moon	IsA	long way away
moon	AtLocation	space
moon	AtLocation	sky
moon	AtLocation	astronaut
moon	AtLocation	crater
doll	AtLocation	girl room
doll	IsA	image of person
doll	AtLocation	child arm
doll	AtLocation	museum
doll	AtLocation	doll house
doll	AtLocation	dollshouse
doll	AtLocation	in den
doll	AtLocation	your house
doll	AtLocation	in house
doll	AtLocation	home
doll	AtLocation	apartment
doll	AtLocation	school
doll	AtLocation	park
doll	AtLocation	desk
doll	AtLocation	house
doll	IsA	toy
doll	IsA	puppet
teacher	AtLocation	at school
teacher	AtLocation	in class
teacher	AtLocation	in classroom
teacher	IsA	job
teacher	IsA	common employee of university
teacher	AtLocation	classroom
world	IsA	big place
world	IsA	ball
world	AtLocation	solar system
world	AtLocation	space
world	IsA	call earth
world	IsA	round not flat
world	AtLocation	galaxy
world	IsA	very complex place
world	IsA	entire realm of experience
world	IsA	dangerous place
world	IsA	wonderful place
world	IsA	where i live
world	AtLocation	state of accelerate environmental degradation
world	IsA	very harsh environment
world	AtLocation	endanger list
world	IsA	very big place
world	IsA	fuck fallinf apart
world	IsA	big blue marble
world	IsA	all one place
world	IsA	become very high tech
world	IsA	once
world	IsA	two third water
world	IsA	big scary place
world	IsA	where everybody life
sea	IsA	large body of salt water
sea	IsA	large body of water
sea	IsA	body of salt water
sea	IsA	body of water
sea	IsA	teem with life
sea	AtLocation	great outdoors
sea	AtLocation	whale
sea	AtLocation	ship
sea	AtLocation	salt
sea	AtLocation	fish
sea	AtLocation	ocean
apartment build	AtLocation	suburb
bomb	IsA	explosive device
bomb	IsA	device
bomb	AtLocation	terrorist situation
bomb	AtLocation	war zone
bomb	IsA	nasty weapon
bomb	IsA	object
bomb	AtLocation	aircraft
bomb	IsA	useful tool
bomb	AtLocation	suitcase
bomb	AtLocation	bomber airplane
bomb	IsA	weapon
bomb	AtLocation	war
microwave oven	AtLocation	kitchen
microwave oven	AtLocation	your house
microwave oven	AtLocation	in kitchen
oboe	IsA	music instrument
oboe	IsA	wind instrument
oboe	AtLocation	music store
oboe	AtLocation	orchestra
oboe	IsA	instrument
oboe	IsA	woodwind
turnpike	IsA	road
turnpike	AtLocation	in new jersey
turnpike	AtLocation	urban region
basket with handle	AtLocation	shop
basket with handle	AtLocation	shop that sell basket
basket with handle	AtLocation	kitchen
curl iron	AtLocation	bathroom
curl iron	AtLocation	drawer
nose	AtLocation	middle of human face
nose	AtLocation	your face
nose	AtLocation	middle of your face
nose	AtLocation	human face
nose	IsA	part of face
nose	AtLocation	fase
nose	AtLocation	face
nose	AtLocation	snot
nose	AtLocation	booger
love	IsA	strong emotion
love	IsA	powerful emotion
love	IsA	emotion between person
love	IsA	wonderful feel
love	IsA	sweet pastime
love	IsA	wonderful emotion
love	AtLocation	school
love	AtLocation	my heart
love	IsA	strange feel
love	IsA	human emotion
love	IsA	term
love	AtLocation	strong that it resemble appetite
love	IsA	many thing
love	IsA	important topic in hollywood movie
love	IsA	strong than death
love	AtLocation	library
love	IsA	emotion
can	AtLocation	pantry
can	AtLocation	cupboard
can	AtLocation	grocery store
can	AtLocation	shelf
can	IsA	type of container
can	AtLocation	sixpack of soda pop
can	AtLocation	supermarket
can	AtLocation	soda in fridge
can	IsA	abbreviation for california
can	AtLocation	soda in refrigerator
can	AtLocation	soda in soda machine
can	AtLocation	food
can	AtLocation	drink
can	AtLocation	soup
can	AtLocation	soda
nicotine	IsA	stimulant
nicotine	IsA	drug
king	IsA	male monarch
king	IsA	leader of nation
king	AtLocation	bible
king	AtLocation	his castle
king	IsA	ruler of country
king	IsA	chess piece
king	IsA	royalty
king	IsA	monarch
eye	AtLocation	person head
eye	IsA	organ
eye	IsA	delicate machine
eye	AtLocation	someone face
eye	IsA	optical sensor for live be
eye	IsA	very complicate organ
eye	IsA	complex but not perfect instrument
eye	AtLocation	eye socket
eye	AtLocation	mammal
eye	IsA	biological organ
eye	IsA	complicate organ person use to see
eye	IsA	intricate mechanism
eye	IsA	very distinctive feature on most face
eye	IsA	sensory organ allow sight
eye	IsA	extension of brain
eye	IsA	complex sensory organ
eye	IsA	what you see with
eye	IsA	perfect sphere
eye	IsA	thing we see with
eye	IsA	wonderful invention of evolution
eye	IsA	complicate organ
eye	IsA	complex organ
door knob	AtLocation	front door
soldier	IsA	person
soldier	AtLocation	armor car
soldier	AtLocation	war zone
soldier	AtLocation	tent
soldier	AtLocation	white house
soldier	AtLocation	harm way
soldier	IsA	often away from home lot
show	AtLocation	movie
show	AtLocation	performance
show	AtLocation	television
bell	AtLocation	front door
bell	IsA	instrument
bell	IsA	percussion instrument
bell	AtLocation	shinto shrine
bell	IsA	time marker
bell	IsA	rung for service
bell	AtLocation	school
bell	AtLocation	church
mansion	IsA	dwell
mansion	IsA	build
mansion	AtLocation	city
mansion	IsA	house
mansion	IsA	home
motel	AtLocation	new york
motel	AtLocation	la vega
motel	AtLocation	any major city
bus	IsA	form of transportation
bus	IsA	form of mass transit
bus	AtLocation	bus station
bus	IsA	mode of public transportation
bus	AtLocation	big city
bus	AtLocation	at bus depot
bus	AtLocation	new york
bus	IsA	large vehicle
bus	IsA	long than car
bus	AtLocation	airport
bus	AtLocation	any large city
bus	IsA	form of public transportation
bus	AtLocation	bus stop
bus	IsA	car
bus	AtLocation	school
bus	IsA	vehicle
national interstate highway	AtLocation	unite state
national interstate highway	AtLocation	nation
national interstate highway	AtLocation	modern country
national interstate highway	IsA	long than 100 mile
bath shower	AtLocation	bath room
harmonica	IsA	musical instrument
harmonica	AtLocation	pocket
harmonica	IsA	instrument
ignorance	IsA	bliss
train track	AtLocation	train station
train track	AtLocation	train country
train track	AtLocation	railyard
jean	AtLocation	clothe store
jean	AtLocation	gap
jean	AtLocation	thrift store
jean	AtLocation	store
jean	AtLocation	closet
jean	AtLocation	drawer
jean	AtLocation	clothe drawer
jean	AtLocation	mall
jean	AtLocation	laundromat
jean	IsA	form of clothe
jean	IsA	pant
jean	IsA	fabric
chest	AtLocation	bedroom
chest	IsA	place to store jewelry
chest	IsA	part of your body
chest	AtLocation	drawer in bedroom
couple	AtLocation	theatre
couple	AtLocation	movie
couple	AtLocation	theater
couple	AtLocation	play
couple	AtLocation	movie theater
couple	AtLocation	show
couple	IsA	sit on couch
river	AtLocation	wisconsin
river	AtLocation	under bridge
river	IsA	body of water
river	IsA	flow body of water
river	IsA	beautifal
river	IsA	beautiful body of water
river	AtLocation	boat
river	AtLocation	fish
river	AtLocation	stream
river	AtLocation	waterfall
river	AtLocation	channel
river	AtLocation	bridge
drive	IsA	fun but not in traffic
drive	AtLocation	golf course
castle	IsA	large richly decorate build
castle	AtLocation	germany
castle	IsA	large build
castle	AtLocation	fairy tale
castle	AtLocation	edinburgh
castle	IsA	build
castle	AtLocation	england
castle	AtLocation	queen
castle	AtLocation	tower
plum	IsA	fruit
eyeglass case	AtLocation	drawer
eyeglass case	AtLocation	shirt pocket
drawer	IsA	container
drawer	AtLocation	kitchen cabinet
drawer	AtLocation	refrigerator
drawer	AtLocation	office desk
drawer	AtLocation	tool chest
drawer	AtLocation	desk
drawer	AtLocation	kitchen
drawer	AtLocation	sock
drawer	IsA	storage
farmer	AtLocation	fairground
farmer	IsA	his own handy man
farmer	IsA	fix his wheel
die	IsA	experience death
die	IsA	crime
text	AtLocation	library
text	AtLocation	in book
text	AtLocation	newspaper
horse ride	IsA	olympic sport
horse ride	IsA	sport
horse ride	IsA	expensive hobby
alphabet	IsA	series of letter
alphabet	IsA	letter
adult	IsA	much large than child
adult	IsA	strong and fast than child
adult	IsA	big than child
adult	IsA	person
tape dispenser	AtLocation	desk
tape dispenser	AtLocation	office build
tape dispenser	AtLocation	office
write	IsA	way to store information
write	IsA	important communication skill
write	IsA	series of mark on paper
write	AtLocation	wall
write	IsA	mankind greaqtest invention
write	IsA	one way to record information
write	IsA	form of communication
toy ball	AtLocation	kid room
toy ball	AtLocation	toy store
toy ball	AtLocation	child room
steam	IsA	powerful source of energy
steam	IsA	source of power
steam	IsA	gaseous water
steam	IsA	cook
royal flush	IsA	great poker hand
royal flush	IsA	excellant hand in poker
royal flush	IsA	good poker hand
trophy	IsA	reward for win contest
trophy	IsA	award for excellence
trophy	IsA	emblem of achievement
trophy	IsA	sign of accomplishment
trophy	IsA	sign of acomplishment
trophy	IsA	award to best player
trophy	IsA	award for high achievement
trophy	IsA	symbol of win
trophy	IsA	use to demonstrate hierarchy
trophy	IsA	last monument to past glory
trophy	IsA	symbol of accomplishment
trophy	IsA	often
trophy	IsA	for winner
trophy	IsA	reward for accheivement
trophy	IsA	memorobilia of previous accomplishment
trophy	IsA	commonly
trophy	IsA	reward for past accomplishment
trophy	IsA	acknowledgement of special achievement
trophy	IsA	award
piccolo	IsA	musical instrument
piccolo	AtLocation	orchestra
move sidewalk	AtLocation	airport
many book	AtLocation	library
many book	AtLocation	shelve
church	AtLocation	city
church	IsA	build
church	IsA	place where person pray
church	AtLocation	town
church	AtLocation	street
church	AtLocation	any large city
church	AtLocation	nice part of town
church	AtLocation	prayer
church	AtLocation	steeple
church	AtLocation	community
church	AtLocation	pray
church	AtLocation	vicar
cable	AtLocation	desk
cable	AtLocation	electrical device
cable	AtLocation	computer
cable	AtLocation	television
bar service	AtLocation	hotel
bar service	AtLocation	bar
locker room	AtLocation	health club
locker room	IsA	room
locker room	AtLocation	gymnasium
locker room	AtLocation	locker house
checkbook cover	AtLocation	purse
checkbook cover	AtLocation	checkbook
saucepan	AtLocation	cabinet
saucepan	AtLocation	cupboard
saucepan	AtLocation	georgia
saucepan	AtLocation	in kitchen
saucepan	AtLocation	kitchen
elephant	AtLocation	india or africa
elephant	IsA	pachiderm
elephant	IsA	our large land animal
elephant	IsA	majestic creature
elephant	AtLocation	in zoo
elephant	AtLocation	forest
elephant	IsA	animal
elephant	AtLocation	zoo
elephant	IsA	mammal
elephant	AtLocation	africa
front garden	AtLocation	front yard
shop bag	AtLocation	supermarket
shop bag	AtLocation	retail store
shop bag	AtLocation	grocery store
shop bag	AtLocation	restaurant
store	AtLocation	city
store	AtLocation	your town
store	IsA	build
store	AtLocation	at mall
store	AtLocation	texas
store	AtLocation	town centre
store	AtLocation	book
store	IsA	shop
store	AtLocation	window
store	AtLocation	food
lemur	AtLocation	hole
lemur	AtLocation	rain forest
lemur	AtLocation	forrest
lemur	AtLocation	india
lemur	IsA	animal
lemur	IsA	from madagascar
lemur	AtLocation	wild
lemur	IsA	mammal
lemur	AtLocation	cage
lemur	AtLocation	nature
lemur	AtLocation	field
lemur	AtLocation	sri lanka
lemur	AtLocation	madagasger
lemur	AtLocation	my pant
lemur	AtLocation	zoo
lemur	AtLocation	rainforest
lemur	AtLocation	forest
lemur	AtLocation	tree
lemur	AtLocation	jungle
lemur	AtLocation	earth
lemur	AtLocation	madagascar forest
lemur	AtLocation	tree of madagascar
lemur	AtLocation	public television documentary
lemur	AtLocation	picture book
lemur	AtLocation	comoro island
lemur	AtLocation	great outdoors
lemur	AtLocation	madgascar
lemur	AtLocation	tropic
paper bill	AtLocation	wallet
paper bill	AtLocation	office
buffet	AtLocation	restaurant
buffet	AtLocation	dine room
self adhesive label	AtLocation	office supply store
self adhesive label	AtLocation	self-adhesive label box
self adhesive label	AtLocation	self adhesive label package
self adhesive label	AtLocation	self adhesive label box
aisle	IsA	hallway without wall
aisle	AtLocation	theatre
aisle	AtLocation	auditorium
aisle	AtLocation	guide rope
aisle	AtLocation	church
aisle	AtLocation	plane
aisle	IsA	lane
duck	IsA	waterbird
duck	IsA	waterfowl
duck	IsA	aquatic bird
duck	IsA	water fowl
duck	IsA	carbon base life form
duck	IsA	amphibious vehicle
duck	AtLocation	farm
duck	IsA	water-birds
duck	IsA	often
duck	IsA	not human be
duck	IsA	common fowl in north america
duck	IsA	small than elephant
duck	IsA	stupid
duck	IsA	buoyant and have waterproof feather
duck	AtLocation	comic
duck	AtLocation	zoo
duck	AtLocation	lake
duck	AtLocation	pond
duck	AtLocation	water
duck	IsA	fowl
bake oven	AtLocation	kitchen
bake oven	AtLocation	pizza parlor
national highway	AtLocation	unite state
rod	AtLocation	engine
rod	AtLocation	hardware store
rod	IsA	long slender object
rod	AtLocation	eyeball
rod	IsA	pole
weasel	AtLocation	henhouse
weasel	AtLocation	chicken coop
weasel	AtLocation	wood
weasel	AtLocation	forrest
weasel	IsA	mammal
weasel	AtLocation	it den
weasel	AtLocation	washington d.c
weasel	AtLocation	forest
weasel	AtLocation	backyard
weasel	AtLocation	your chicken coop
weasel	AtLocation	hollow log
weasel	AtLocation	unite state
weasel	AtLocation	pet shop
weasel	AtLocation	out-of-doors
weasel	AtLocation	parlamente
weasel	AtLocation	weaselworld
weasel	AtLocation	cheese
weasel	AtLocation	great britain
weasel	AtLocation	river
weasel	AtLocation	office
weasel	AtLocation	burrow
weasel	AtLocation	den
weasel	AtLocation	hole in grind
weasel	AtLocation	law office
weasel	AtLocation	hen house
weasel	AtLocation	barn
weasel	AtLocation	politics
weasel	AtLocation	cartoon
weasel	AtLocation	water
weasel	AtLocation	trap
weasel	AtLocation	great outdoors
weasel	AtLocation	mulberry bush
weasel	AtLocation	congress
weasel	AtLocation	every american
weasel	AtLocation	your pant
weasel	AtLocation	zoo
weasel	IsA	animal
doctor examination room	AtLocation	hospital
doctor examination room	AtLocation	doctor office
doctor examination room	AtLocation	television set
jellyfish	AtLocation	pacific ocean
jellyfish	AtLocation	zoo
jellyfish	AtLocation	warm ocean
jellyfish	AtLocation	atlantic ocean
jellyfish	AtLocation	salt water
jellyfish	AtLocation	store
jellyfish	AtLocation	mediterranean sea
jellyfish	AtLocation	warm ocean water
jellyfish	AtLocation	japanese restaurant
jellyfish	AtLocation	red sea
jellyfish	AtLocation	public aquarium
jellyfish	AtLocation	north sea
jellyfish	AtLocation	lake
jellyfish	AtLocation	see
jellyfish	AtLocation	chesapeake bay
jellyfish	AtLocation	all ocean of world
jellyfish	AtLocation	on beach
jellyfish	AtLocation	bay
jellyfish	AtLocation	ocean water
jellyfish	AtLocation	monterey bay aquarium
jellyfish	AtLocation	hawaii
jellyfish	AtLocation	monterey bay
jellyfish	IsA	invertebrate
jellyfish	AtLocation	warm sea
jellyfish	AtLocation	earth
jellyfish	AtLocation	gulf
jellyfish	AtLocation	tidal pool
jellyfish	AtLocation	surf
jellyfish	AtLocation	most ocean
jellyfish	AtLocation	aquarium
jellyfish	AtLocation	water
bus shelter	AtLocation	city
bus shelter	AtLocation	bus route
bus shelter	AtLocation	bus station
bus shelter	AtLocation	rain
bass baritone	AtLocation	choir
bass baritone	AtLocation	band
bass baritone	AtLocation	choral group
bus seat	AtLocation	bus
bus seat	AtLocation	church bus
stick	AtLocation	forest
stick	AtLocation	butter in fridge
stick	AtLocation	butter in refrigerator
stick	AtLocation	your bicycle spoke
stick	IsA	baton
park structure	AtLocation	city
cabinet	AtLocation	house
cabinet	AtLocation	corner
cabinet	AtLocation	home
cabinet	AtLocation	supermarket
cabinet	AtLocation	school
cabinet	IsA	place
cabinet	AtLocation	restaurant
cabinet	AtLocation	grocery store
cabinet	AtLocation	mall
cabinet	AtLocation	build
cabinet	AtLocation	office
cabinet	AtLocation	glass
cabinet	IsA	furniture
cabinet	IsA	container
rosebush	AtLocation	flower garden
rosebush	AtLocation	back yard
rosebush	AtLocation	landscape
rosebush	AtLocation	park
rosebush	AtLocation	flower bed
rosebush	AtLocation	garden
rosebush	AtLocation	earth
rosebush	AtLocation	front yard
rosebush	AtLocation	botanic garden
rosebush	AtLocation	botanical garden
rosebush	AtLocation	garden catalog
rosebush	AtLocation	outdoors
rosebush	AtLocation	gramma garden
rosebush	AtLocation	white house rose garden
rosebush	AtLocation	store
rosebush	AtLocation	flower nursery
rosebush	AtLocation	yard
rosebush	AtLocation	formal garden
rosebush	AtLocation	pot
rosebush	AtLocation	bloom
rosebush	AtLocation	garden center
rosebush	AtLocation	house
rosebush	AtLocation	rose show
rosebush	AtLocation	bloom in spring
rosebush	AtLocation	rose
rosebush	AtLocation	backyard
anemone	AtLocation	tide pool
anemone	AtLocation	salt water aquarium
anemone	AtLocation	water
anemone	AtLocation	intertidal zone
anemone	AtLocation	ocean
anemone	AtLocation	vase of flower
anemone	AtLocation	biology book
anemone	AtLocation	salt-water aquarium
anemone	AtLocation	kelp forest
anemone	AtLocation	big sur
anemone	AtLocation	see
anemone	AtLocation	tidal pool
anemone	AtLocation	garden
anemone	AtLocation	oean
anemone	AtLocation	book
anemone	AtLocation	gulf of mexico
anemone	AtLocation	nursery
anemone	IsA	animal
anemone	AtLocation	cluster of rock
anemone	AtLocation	reef tank
anemone	AtLocation	pool
anemone	AtLocation	flower bed
anemone	AtLocation	sea floor
anemone	AtLocation	bug
anemone	AtLocation	florida key
anemone	AtLocation	someone you dont like
anemone	AtLocation	my ass
ferret	AtLocation	petstore
ferret	AtLocation	trouser
ferret	AtLocation	field
ferret	AtLocation	forest
ferret	AtLocation	wild
ferret	AtLocation	your home
ferret	AtLocation	your own home
ferret	AtLocation	hutch
ferret	AtLocation	home as pet
ferret	AtLocation	sock
ferret	AtLocation	pet zoo
ferret	AtLocation	hole
ferret	AtLocation	burrow
ferret	AtLocation	woody landscape
ferret	AtLocation	home
ferret	AtLocation	nature
ferret	IsA	wild animal
ferret	AtLocation	outdoors
ferret	AtLocation	classroom
ferret	IsA	carnivore
ferret	AtLocation	great britain
ferret	AtLocation	veterinarian office
ferret	AtLocation	unite state
ferret	AtLocation	earth
ferret	AtLocation	your stuff
ferret	AtLocation	your arm
ferret	AtLocation	out of door
ferret	AtLocation	north america
ferret	AtLocation	burrow hole
ferret	AtLocation	riverbank
ferret	AtLocation	pet store
ferret	IsA	mammal
ferret	IsA	animal
outfield	AtLocation	baseball field
shop basket	AtLocation	grocery store
shop basket	AtLocation	store
shop basket	AtLocation	supermarket
airplane seat	AtLocation	airplane
airplane seat	AtLocation	live room
up	IsA	direction
run	IsA	good exercise
run	IsA	form of exercise
run	IsA	way
run	IsA	slow than drive
run	IsA	way to get somewhere fast
run	IsA	slow than bike
run	IsA	something
game	AtLocation	toy store
game	IsA	thing person play for fun
game	IsA	competitive entertainment
game	IsA	man way of challenge himself
game	IsA	form of entertainment
game	IsA	fun because they occupy your mind
game	AtLocation	ballpark
game	IsA	entertainment in themselves
game	AtLocation	gameroom
game	IsA	ritualize aggression
game	IsA	combination of skill and chance
game	IsA	chess
game	IsA	toy
game	IsA	activity
game	IsA	football
house	IsA	place where person live
house	IsA	place and thing
house	IsA	where person live
house	IsA	thing
house	IsA	usally clusterd in neighborhood
house	IsA	usally clusterd in neighbor hood
house	IsA	small build
house	IsA	good investment
house	AtLocation	subdivision
house	AtLocation	surface of earth
house	AtLocation	city
house	AtLocation	residential area
house	IsA	permanent shelter
house	IsA	tv show
house	AtLocation	mirror in carnival
house	IsA	build where person live
house	IsA	place where human live
house	IsA	durable item
house	IsA	consider shelter
house	IsA	prefer over apartment
house	IsA	enclose space
house	IsA	shelter for person to live in
house	AtLocation	country
house	AtLocation	window
house	AtLocation	shelter
house	IsA	home
house	AtLocation	cat
house	AtLocation	mouse
house	AtLocation	wood
house	AtLocation	dog
computer chip	IsA	integrate circuit
dirt	AtLocation	grind
dirt	AtLocation	refrigerator
dirt	AtLocation	street
dirt	AtLocation	your fingernail
dirt	AtLocation	surface of earth
dirt	AtLocation	fridge
dirt	AtLocation	bed
dirt	AtLocation	subway
dirt	AtLocation	rug
dirt	AtLocation	your garden
dirt	AtLocation	vehicle
dirt	IsA	abrasive
dirt	IsA	material
hello	IsA	greet person sometimes use
hello	IsA	greet
imac	IsA	computer
restaurant table	AtLocation	restaurant
restaurant table	AtLocation	smoke section
pilot	AtLocation	in plane
pilot	AtLocation	shower
pilot	AtLocation	grind
pilot	AtLocation	in space shuttle
pilot	AtLocation	on plane
pilot	AtLocation	30,000 foot
pilot	AtLocation	in aircraft
pilot	AtLocation	cockpit
pilot	AtLocation	airplane
animal	AtLocation	park
animal	IsA	live creature
animal	IsA	often
animal	IsA	part of natural world
animal	AtLocation	cafe
animal	AtLocation	in forest
animal	AtLocation	north america
animal	AtLocation	pet store
animal	AtLocation	at zoo
animal	AtLocation	ecology
animal	IsA	lie organism
animal	IsA	subject for porcelain figure
animal	IsA	life form
animal	AtLocation	africa
animal	IsA	affectionate also
animal	IsA	sit
animal	IsA	come out of hole
animal	AtLocation	state park
animal	IsA	giraffe
animal	AtLocation	zoo
animal	IsA	tiger
animal	IsA	bird
animal	IsA	fish
animal	IsA	life
animal	IsA	pet
animal	IsA	elephant
animal	IsA	creature
animal	IsA	vertebrate
animal	IsA	human
animal	IsA	mammal
animal	IsA	dog
animal	IsA	lion
animal	IsA	cat
sky	AtLocation	planetarium
sky	AtLocation	photo
sky	IsA	different color
sky	AtLocation	paint
sky	IsA	wonderful mystery
sky	IsA	thing you see outside
sky	IsA	clear to eye when
sky	IsA	horizon line
sky	AtLocation	pre-schoolers paint
sky	IsA	high than land
sky	AtLocation	heaven
sky	AtLocation	plane
sky	AtLocation	air
boot	IsA	one type of footwear
boot	AtLocation	my foot
boot	IsA	shoe for horseback ride
boot	AtLocation	sport good store
boot	IsA	for cowboy
boot	IsA	tall shoe
boot	AtLocation	bedroom
boot	AtLocation	build
boot	IsA	shoe
pot	AtLocation	kitchen
pot	AtLocation	cupboard
pot	AtLocation	drawer
pot	AtLocation	greenhouse
pot	AtLocation	commercial kitchen
pot	IsA	mold clay
pot	IsA	tool
pot	IsA	kettle
pot	AtLocation	plant
pot	IsA	vessel
pot	AtLocation	pan
see	IsA	useful tool
see	AtLocation	toolbox
see	IsA	tool for cut wood
see	AtLocation	basement
see	IsA	make back-and-forth motion through or on
see	IsA	hand tool
see	AtLocation	carpenter tool box
see	AtLocation	capentry shop
see	IsA	tool
irish setter	IsA	dog
steer wheel	AtLocation	in boat
steer wheel	AtLocation	bus
steer wheel	AtLocation	in car
shovel	AtLocation	mine
carnation	IsA	flower
mouth	AtLocation	nose
menu	AtLocation	cafe
menu	AtLocation	resturant
menu	AtLocation	in restaurant
cello	IsA	musical instrument
cello	AtLocation	musician house
cello	IsA	wind instrument
cello	IsA	instrument
doctor	AtLocation	in hospital
doctor	IsA	person who examine your body
doctor	IsA	smart person
doctor	IsA	man of science
doctor	AtLocation	doctor office
doctor	IsA	educate person
doctor	IsA	person who cure ill person
doctor	IsA	freak
doctor	IsA	educate healer
doctor	IsA	not always men
doctor	IsA	read chart
doctor	IsA	like mechanic for person
doctor	IsA	diagnose his patient
doctor	IsA	educate professional
doctor	IsA	wear latex glove
doctor	IsA	person who work with sick person
doctor	IsA	pay lot of money for
doctor	AtLocation	u.s get pay too much
doctor	IsA	wiley old bandicoot
doctor	IsA	wear stethoscope around his neck
doctor	IsA	check out woman mouth
doctor	IsA	examine chart
doctor	IsA	read patient chart
doctor	IsA	read some patient form
doctor	IsA	examine pacient
doctor	IsA	study patient medical chart
doctor	IsA	person
doctor	IsA	dentist
doctor	AtLocation	hospital
paper cup	AtLocation	water cool
noodle	AtLocation	pantry
noodle	AtLocation	noodle shop
noodle	AtLocation	chicken noodle soup
button	AtLocation	mouse
cd	IsA	abbreviation for compact disc
cd	AtLocation	cd tower
cd	IsA	medium
cd	IsA	round flat disk
cd	IsA	optical disk
cd	AtLocation	radio station
cd	IsA	short term for compact disk
cd	IsA	new way to store information
cd	IsA	common term for compact disk
cd	IsA	acronym for compact disc
cd	AtLocation	cd player
cd	AtLocation	music
cd	AtLocation	song
violet	IsA	flower
violet	IsA	color
orange	AtLocation	in florida
orange	IsA	domesticate plant
orange	IsA	vibrant color
orange	IsA	mixture of yellow and red
orange	IsA	citrus fruit
orange	IsA	fruit
work	AtLocation	art in museum
work	IsA	cooperative activity
work	AtLocation	art in art gallery
work	IsA	distance
work	AtLocation	art sell in gallery
work	AtLocation	school
bed	IsA	place
bed	IsA	where you sleep
bed	IsA	usually in bedroom
bed	AtLocation	neighbor house
bed	AtLocation	rest area
bed	IsA	good place to lie
bed	IsA	sleep in
bed	IsA	where person sleep
bed	IsA	in bedroom
bed	AtLocation	house
bed	IsA	place where you sleep
bed	AtLocation	homewares department
bed	AtLocation	at hotel
bed	AtLocation	at hospital
bed	AtLocation	your house
bed	AtLocation	relative house
bed	AtLocation	apartment
bed	IsA	usually
bed	AtLocation	in house
bed	AtLocation	bedrom
bed	AtLocation	museum of modern art
bed	IsA	comfortable place to rest
bed	IsA	soft warm
bed	IsA	one place person make love
bed	AtLocation	at home
bed	AtLocation	sex
bed	IsA	furniture
bed	AtLocation	room
refrigerator	AtLocation	garage
refrigerator	IsA	machine
refrigerator	AtLocation	mall
refrigerator	AtLocation	home
refrigerator	IsA	container
refrigerator	AtLocation	apartment
refrigerator	IsA	electronic appliance
refrigerator	AtLocation	in kitchen
refrigerator	AtLocation	water
refrigerator	AtLocation	ice
refrigerator	AtLocation	kitchen
refrigerator	AtLocation	beer
refrigerator	AtLocation	food
refrigerator	AtLocation	milk
refrigerator	AtLocation	cold
cabbage	AtLocation	supermarket
cabbage	AtLocation	at market
cabbage	IsA	plant
germany	IsA	country of europe
germany	IsA	member of european union
germany	IsA	european country
germany	IsA	in europe
germany	IsA	country
snack	AtLocation	rest area
snack	AtLocation	movie
snack	IsA	diet
keyboard	AtLocation	desk
keyboard	IsA	input device
keyboard	AtLocation	office
keyboard	AtLocation	landfill
keyboard	AtLocation	music store
keyboard	AtLocation	monitor
keyboard	AtLocation	onstage at concert
keyboard	IsA	way to enter information
keyboard	IsA	not snack
keyboard	AtLocation	mouse
keyboard	IsA	qwerty
keyboard	AtLocation	key
painter	AtLocation	ladder
brother	AtLocation	home
brother	AtLocation	house
brother	AtLocation	your family
brother	IsA	male sibling
brother	IsA	company
brother	IsA	company name
brother	IsA	family relationship term
brother	IsA	maile sibling
brother	IsA	sibling
liver	AtLocation	person
liver	IsA	organ in body
liver	IsA	internal organ
liver	AtLocation	in human body
criminal	IsA	person who commit crime
criminal	IsA	person
criminal	IsA	someone who commit crime
criminal	AtLocation	in jail
criminal	IsA	robber
criminal	AtLocation	prison
criminal	AtLocation	jail
criminal	IsA	thief
timpani	IsA	percussion instrument
timpani	IsA	musical instrument
branch	AtLocation	forest
rocket	IsA	machine
rocket	AtLocation	orbit
rocket	AtLocation	outer space
rocket	AtLocation	transport trailer
rocket	AtLocation	launch pad
pluto	IsA	planet and dog
pluto	IsA	40 au from sun
pluto	IsA	planet
christmas	IsA	christian holiday
christmas	IsA	commercialize holiday
christmas	IsA	subset of holiday
christmas	IsA	on december 25
iraq	IsA	country
iraq	IsA	country in middle east
iraq	IsA	place
iraq	IsA	middle east country
tea	AtLocation	grocery store
tea	AtLocation	tea cup
tea	IsA	flavor
tea	IsA	drink
oriole	IsA	bird
heroin	IsA	illegal drug
heroin	IsA	escape from reality
heroin	IsA	drug
toyota	IsA	company
toyota	AtLocation	japan
toyota	AtLocation	park
toyota	IsA	one make of van
puffin	IsA	bird
india	IsA	country in asia
india	IsA	asian country
india	IsA	very populous country
india	IsA	very large country
india	AtLocation	hindu
india	IsA	country
india	AtLocation	elephant
toad	IsA	aphibians
toad	AtLocation	garden
toad	AtLocation	pond
portugal	IsA	country
spain	IsA	country
hare	IsA	mammal
seoul	IsA	city
dive	IsA	sport
zebra	AtLocation	zoo
zebra	IsA	horse
ape	IsA	mammal
ape	IsA	primate
ape	IsA	gorilla
ape	IsA	chimpanzee
goat	IsA	mammal
goat	AtLocation	pet zoo
goat	AtLocation	barn
goat	AtLocation	live in wild
goat	AtLocation	farm
cuckoo	IsA	bird
fortran	IsA	program language
lens	IsA	piece of grind glass
lens	AtLocation	camera
mind	IsA	not soul
brain	IsA	neural structure
brain	IsA	part of human body
brain	IsA	biological organ
brain	IsA	where mind exist
brain	IsA	phenomenal biological computer
brain	AtLocation	skull
musician	AtLocation	at concert
musician	IsA	person who play music
musician	AtLocation	studio
musician	AtLocation	stage
musician	AtLocation	show
musician	AtLocation	opera
musician	AtLocation	back-stage party
musician	AtLocation	tour bus
musician	AtLocation	record-release party
musician	AtLocation	symphony
musician	AtLocation	mike
musician	AtLocation	tour
musician	IsA	talented person
musician	AtLocation	orchestra
musician	AtLocation	band
urine	IsA	bodily fluid
urine	IsA	warm when it come out
urine	AtLocation	toilet
picture	IsA	thousand word
picture	AtLocation	art show
picture	AtLocation	newspaper
picture	IsA	representation of object
picture	AtLocation	your house
picture	AtLocation	shelf
picture	IsA	representation of someone or something
picture	AtLocation	in book
picture	IsA	sometimes
picture	IsA	ususally
picture	IsA	abstract visual representation of reality
picture	AtLocation	envelope
picture	AtLocation	of focus
picture	IsA	hand hold jewelry
picture	AtLocation	frame
sushi	IsA	delicious japanese food
sushi	IsA	raw fish
sushi	AtLocation	japanese restaurant
sushi	IsA	delicacy
sushi	IsA	visually stimulate food
sushi	IsA	asian food
sushi	IsA	traditional japanese food
sushi	IsA	food from japan
sushi	IsA	from japan
sushi	IsA	raw fish product
sushi	IsA	make use uncooked fish
sushi	IsA	uncooked fish
sushi	IsA	japanese delicacy
sushi	IsA	popular japanese food
sushi	IsA	japanese food
pig	IsA	smart animal
pig	IsA	food animal
pig	IsA	farm animal
pig	AtLocation	fairground
pig	AtLocation	pigsty
pig	IsA	often pink or flesh color
pig	IsA	consider dirty animal
pig	IsA	ovine
pig	IsA	pink because he get sunburn
pig	IsA	symbol of plenty abundance
pig	IsA	common farm animal
pig	IsA	smart creature
pig	IsA	mammal
pig	AtLocation	mud
pig	AtLocation	pen
pig	IsA	animal
bride	IsA	woman
submarine	IsA	sea vessel for move under water
submarine	IsA	large underwater vehicle
submarine	AtLocation	surface of ocean
submarine	IsA	water vehicle
submarine	IsA	underwater vehicle
submarine	IsA	stealthy weapon
submarine	AtLocation	port
submarine	IsA	complicate ship
submarine	IsA	ship that move underwater
submarine	IsA	war and spy machine
submarine	IsA	much big than human
submarine	IsA	crampped way to live
submarine	IsA	military ship
submarine	IsA	very sophisticate military vehicle
submarine	IsA	deadly effective tool for navy
submarine	IsA	call sub
submarine	IsA	place
submarine	AtLocation	pacific ocean
submarine	AtLocation	seaport
submarine	IsA	above water
submarine	IsA	mainly for kill person
submarine	IsA	submersible
submarine	AtLocation	water
submarine	IsA	ship
submarine	AtLocation	torpedo
submarine	IsA	boat
eagle	IsA	large bird
eagle	IsA	raptor
eagle	IsA	emblem of unite state
eagle	IsA	large predatory bird
eagle	IsA	class of bird
eagle	IsA	endanger specie in some country
eagle	IsA	endanger specie
eagle	IsA	predatory bird
eagle	IsA	become extinct
eagle	IsA	saoring
eagle	IsA	predator
eagle	IsA	bird
yo-yo	IsA	child toy
yo-yo	IsA	form of entertainment
yo-yo	IsA	toy for do trick
yo-yo	IsA	cool toy
yo-yo	IsA	popular toy
yo-yo	IsA	something to play with
yo-yo	IsA	metaphor for situation that change
yo-yo	IsA	very simple toy
yo-yo	IsA	common toy
yo-yo	IsA	filipino weapon
yo-yo	AtLocation	toy store
yo-yo	IsA	weapon
cup	AtLocation	table
cup	AtLocation	kitchen
cup	AtLocation	shelf
cup	AtLocation	dishwasher
cup	AtLocation	water fountain
cup	AtLocation	kitchen cabinet
cup	AtLocation	live room
cup	AtLocation	house
cup	AtLocation	store
cup	AtLocation	in cupboard
cup	AtLocation	home
cup	AtLocation	closet
cup	IsA	liquid measure
cup	AtLocation	counter
cup	AtLocation	liquid
cup	AtLocation	coffee
space	AtLocation	box
space	IsA	around earth
space	AtLocation	you
space	AtLocation	suitcase
space	AtLocation	jar
space	AtLocation	sentence
space	IsA	dangerous place
space	IsA	become clutter
space	IsA	deviod
space	IsA	vaccuum
space	IsA	place for human
space	IsA	our last frontier
space	IsA	man final frontier for now
space	IsA	our great frontier
space	IsA	big really big
space	IsA	vacume
space	AtLocation	cabinet
space	AtLocation	empty room
space	IsA	what be between anything else
space	AtLocation	star
space	AtLocation	galaxy
space	AtLocation	alien
tobacco	IsA	stimulant
tobacco	IsA	plant
meditation	IsA	way to relax
meditation	IsA	skill
meditation	IsA	method for relaxation
meditation	IsA	tough skill to learn
meditation	IsA	emotional healer
meditation	IsA	state of reflection and contemplation
meditation	IsA	method of relaxation
meditation	IsA	not of western hemisphere origin
meditation	IsA	feature of some eastern religion
meditation	IsA	associate with chinese person
meditation	IsA	quiet time to relax withyourself
meditation	IsA	relax activity
meditation	IsA	oriental practice
fortune cookie	IsA	frivolous pastime
fortune cookie	IsA	american invention
fortune cookie	AtLocation	chinese restaurant
fortune cookie	IsA	typically
fortune cookie	IsA	fun treat
fortune cookie	IsA	u shape
fortune cookie	IsA	tradition with chinese food
fortune cookie	IsA	recieved after chinese dinner
fortune cookie	IsA	serve follow dinner in chinese restraunts
fortune cookie	IsA	crunchy
baby	IsA	young human
baby	IsA	small person
baby	IsA	young than toddler
baby	IsA	newborn human
baby	IsA	small than adult
baby	AtLocation	home
baby	IsA	person
baby	IsA	clean slate
baby	IsA	small than it mother
baby	IsA	dependant on others
baby	IsA	born with not very much hair
baby	IsA	one of life little joy
baby	IsA	tiny peoople
baby	IsA	small than mom
baby	IsA	often feed milk through bottle
baby	IsA	small than man
baby	IsA	orally
baby	IsA	not self sufficient
baby	IsA	often
baby	IsA	develop human
baby	IsA	helpless human
baby	IsA	precious gift from god
baby	IsA	fat then most human
baby	IsA	born 9 month after conception
baby	IsA	young person
baby	IsA	short than their mother
baby	IsA	very yound
baby	IsA	excellent learner
baby	IsA	very young human
baby	IsA	precious human
baby	IsA	mammal
baby	IsA	look up
baby	IsA	cry this nipple may help
baby	IsA	malnurished
baby	IsA	very young child
baby	IsA	infant
bob dylan	IsA	folk singer
bob dylan	IsA	famous singer
bob dylan	IsA	good musician
bob dylan	IsA	modern day troubador
bob dylan	IsA	hippie drug addict
bob dylan	IsA	famus singer
bob dylan	IsA	folk song writer
bob dylan	IsA	famous folk singer
bob dylan	IsA	seminal musician
bob dylan	IsA	singer songwriter
bob dylan	IsA	my parent generation
bob dylan	IsA	gay homosexual
bob dylan	IsA	folk rock singer
bob dylan	IsA	musician and poet
bob dylan	IsA	popular musician in 1960s
bob dylan	IsA	famous musician
bob dylan	IsA	lowrider
bob dylan	IsA	music pioneer
bob dylan	IsA	play guitar
school	AtLocation	any town
school	IsA	place to learn thing
school	AtLocation	town
school	IsA	place where teacher teach student
school	IsA	place to learn
school	IsA	place
school	IsA	drug-free zone
school	AtLocation	prague
school	IsA	build
school	IsA	part of educational system
school	IsA	good place to learn
school	IsA	where i learn
school	AtLocation	school
school	AtLocation	any large city
school	IsA	where child learn
school	IsA	place for learn
school	IsA	one place where person learn
school	IsA	where person go to learn
school	AtLocation	city
school	AtLocation	work
school	AtLocation	student
school	AtLocation	room
school	AtLocation	playground
school	AtLocation	homework
school	IsA	university
school	AtLocation	child
school	AtLocation	bell
school	AtLocation	knowledge
school	IsA	college
oil	AtLocation	grind
oil	IsA	natural resource
oil	AtLocation	auto part store
oil	IsA	liquid
oil	AtLocation	combustion engine
oil	AtLocation	ocean
oil	AtLocation	dinner
oil	AtLocation	home
oil	AtLocation	hardware store
oil	AtLocation	store
oil	AtLocation	cupboard
oil	AtLocation	lawnmower
oil	AtLocation	street
oil	AtLocation	iraq
oil	IsA	fluid
oil	AtLocation	house
oil	AtLocation	car engine
oil	IsA	run out
oil	IsA	medium for paint
oil	IsA	cheap than water
oil	AtLocation	resturant
oil	AtLocation	kitchen
oil	AtLocation	service station
time	IsA	run out
time	IsA	linear concept
time	IsA	man make concept
time	IsA	not money
time	IsA	one way
time	IsA	abstract concept
time	IsA	precious thing
time	IsA	everything
time	IsA	essence
time	IsA	call fourth dimension
time	IsA	reverse it always move forward
time	IsA	human construct
time	IsA	happen
time	IsA	measure duration of event
time	IsA	money we should not waste time
time	IsA	tool
time	IsA	not infinite spend it wisely
time	IsA	run out for oil economy
time	IsA	illusion
time	IsA	money
vase	AtLocation	on table
vase	AtLocation	shelf
vase	AtLocation	display cabinet
vase	AtLocation	flower
vase	AtLocation	table
freeway	AtLocation	america
freeway	AtLocation	car
freeway	IsA	highway
sailor	AtLocation	at sea
sailor	AtLocation	in boat
sailor	IsA	some of early explorer
sailor	IsA	gay all of them
sailor	AtLocation	ship
concierge	AtLocation	hotel
concierge	AtLocation	at hotel
stair up	AtLocation	stairway
magazine	AtLocation	table
magazine	AtLocation	bookstore
magazine	AtLocation	train station
magazine	AtLocation	doctor
magazine	IsA	collection of article
magazine	AtLocation	mail
magazine	AtLocation	mailbox
magazine	AtLocation	supermarket
magazine	AtLocation	market
magazine	AtLocation	bed
magazine	AtLocation	newsagent
magazine	AtLocation	airliner
magazine	AtLocation	home
magazine	AtLocation	bedroom
magazine	AtLocation	mall
magazine	AtLocation	library
magazine	AtLocation	rack
magazine	IsA	time
kangaroo	IsA	powerful animal
kangaroo	IsA	from australia
kangaroo	IsA	animal
kangaroo	AtLocation	zoo
file	AtLocation	file cabinet
file	IsA	folder of document
file	AtLocation	desk
file	IsA	collection
file	AtLocation	office
file	AtLocation	computer
learn	IsA	activity
learn	IsA	more fun and constructive when
learn	IsA	joy
jack	IsA	lift device
jack	IsA	childhood game
jack	IsA	game of physical dexterity
jack	IsA	hard game for little kid
jack	IsA	child game of skill
jack	IsA	old game
jack	AtLocation	trunk
jack	IsA	traditional child game
jack	IsA	boy name
jack	IsA	nickname for john
jack	IsA	game usually
jack	IsA	consider old-fashioned game
jack	IsA	childrens game
jack	IsA	more often
jack	IsA	fun game
jack	IsA	kid game
jack	IsA	child
jack	IsA	useful tool
jack	IsA	game
jack	IsA	child game
candy	AtLocation	movie
candy	AtLocation	jar
candy	AtLocation	supermarket
candy	AtLocation	mall
candy	AtLocation	store
candy	AtLocation	trick-or-treat bag
candy	IsA	mostly sugar
candy	IsA	chocolate
backgammon	IsA	game of strategy
backgammon	IsA	game of chance
backgammon	IsA	two-player game
backgammon	IsA	game for two player
backgammon	IsA	board game with two player
backgammon	IsA	board game for two player
backgammon	IsA	game with dice
backgammon	IsA	game two person play
backgammon	IsA	game of chance and skill
backgammon	IsA	difficult game
backgammon	IsA	game that adult play
backgammon	IsA	not very popular these day
backgammon	IsA	game two person play together
backgammon	IsA	gamble game
backgammon	IsA	game of strategy and chance
backgammon	IsA	game for two person
backgammon	IsA	fun mind-using game
backgammon	IsA	fun game
backgammon	IsA	popular game
backgammon	IsA	game that some person play
backgammon	IsA	portable game
backgammon	IsA	hard game
backgammon	IsA	very old board game
backgammon	IsA	shit
backgammon	IsA	board game
backgammon	IsA	game
polo	IsA	expensive sport
polo	IsA	english sport
polo	IsA	risky and strenuous game
polo	IsA	stuffy british sport
polo	IsA	gay man sport
polo	IsA	golf for rich person
polo	IsA	difficult sport
polo	IsA	sport in
polo	IsA	expensive sport to play
polo	IsA	not play often in tokyo
polo	IsA	really fun yet brutal game
polo	IsA	rich man game
polo	IsA	rough sport
polo	IsA	game for rich
polo	IsA	excite dangerous sport
polo	IsA	equestrian sport
polo	IsA	expensive game
polo	IsA	eletist sport
polo	IsA	vigorus sport
polo	IsA	sport for wealthy person
polo	IsA	sport for rich person
polo	IsA	game with pony
polo	IsA	sport with horse and rider
polo	IsA	sport use horse
polo	IsA	like soccer
polo	IsA	sport play on horseback
polo	IsA	sport they play in england
polo	IsA	game for wealthy person
polo	IsA	game for wealthy
polo	IsA	sport
polo	IsA	game
orange juice	AtLocation	fridge
orange juice	IsA	common source of vitamin c
orange juice	IsA	juice
orange juice	IsA	complex liquid
orange juice	AtLocation	refrigerator
orange juice	IsA	food
gas	IsA	state of matter
gas	AtLocation	gas station
gas	AtLocation	space
gas	AtLocation	gas line
gas	IsA	term for gasoline
gas	IsA	phase
gas	IsA	methane
gas	IsA	air
gas	IsA	oxygen
barn	AtLocation	country
barn	IsA	build
barn	AtLocation	horse
barn	AtLocation	field
barn	AtLocation	hay
notebook	AtLocation	backpack
notebook	AtLocation	bookstore
notebook	AtLocation	classroom
notebook	AtLocation	child schoolbag
notebook	AtLocation	in office
notebook	IsA	spiral bind
notebook	IsA	portable computer
notebook	AtLocation	desk
notebook	IsA	computer
notebook	AtLocation	note
notebook	AtLocation	class
notebook	AtLocation	paper
clothe closet	AtLocation	house
clothe closet	AtLocation	bedroom
clothe closet	AtLocation	apartment
clothe closet	AtLocation	home
cube	IsA	geometrical shape
cube	IsA	dice
cube	IsA	block
bat	IsA	nocturnal fly rodent
bat	AtLocation	zoo
bat	AtLocation	park
bat	AtLocation	forest
bat	AtLocation	carlsbad cavern national park
bat	IsA	small rodent mammal
bat	AtLocation	meadow
bat	IsA	fly rodent
bat	AtLocation	belfry
bat	IsA	animal
bat	IsA	mammal
satelite	AtLocation	orbit
satelite	IsA	in orbit
satelite	AtLocation	geosynchronous orbit
test tube	AtLocation	laboratory
test tube	AtLocation	in chemistry lab
test tube	AtLocation	chemistry lab
penny	AtLocation	your pocket
penny	AtLocation	jar
penny	AtLocation	grind
penny	AtLocation	pocket
penny	AtLocation	piggy bank
penny	IsA	piece of change
penny	AtLocation	in jar
intern	AtLocation	desk
intern	AtLocation	desk drawer
intern	AtLocation	office
cloud	IsA	water vapor
cloud	AtLocation	rainbow
cloud	IsA	usually in sky
cloud	IsA	often in sky
cloud	IsA	water droplet up in sky
cloud	IsA	group of water vapor
cloud	IsA	when atmospheric water gather together
cloud	IsA	far away than tree
cloud	IsA	dark than blue sky
cloud	IsA	grind
cloud	AtLocation	in sky
cloud	AtLocation	sky
cloud	AtLocation	air
game of chance	AtLocation	carnival
math	IsA	subject in school
math	AtLocation	classroom
math	IsA	subject that student might study
math	IsA	school subject
math	IsA	important part of education
math	AtLocation	sport event
math	IsA	basic skill for everyone
ostrich	IsA	flightless bird
ostrich	AtLocation	zoo
ostrich	IsA	bird
block	AtLocation	flat in city
block	AtLocation	flat in england
block	IsA	location
fold chair	AtLocation	room
fold chair	AtLocation	beach
puppy	IsA	baby dog
puppy	IsA	young dog
puppy	IsA	young canine
puppy	IsA	newborn dog
puppy	AtLocation	kennel
puppy	AtLocation	dog house
puppy	IsA	form of dog
puppy	IsA	immature dog
puppy	IsA	not good pet for young child
puppy	IsA	small dog
puppy	IsA	animal
puppy	IsA	dog
broom	AtLocation	in closet
hot dog	IsA	often
hot dog	IsA	sandwich
hot dog	AtLocation	sport event
hot dog	IsA	usually
hot dog	AtLocation	disneyland
hot dog	IsA	food
hot dog	IsA	refer to as mystery meat
hot dog	IsA	traditional american food
hot dog	IsA	meet product
hot dog	IsA	originally
hot dog	IsA	popular food with kid
hot dog	IsA	skinless sausage
hot dog	IsA	long than bun
hot dog	IsA	sandwich and fun to eat
hot dog	IsA	national food group
package	AtLocation	mail box
package	AtLocation	post office
package	IsA	waste of resource
package	AtLocation	mail
lip	AtLocation	some jar and all face
lip	IsA	important part of mouth
lip	IsA	protrusion
lip	AtLocation	human
lip	IsA	part of mouth
lip	AtLocation	face
lip	IsA	mouth
circle	IsA	symmetric shape
circle	IsA	geometric shape
circle	IsA	shape
circle	IsA	life
two	IsA	even number
two	IsA	one
many variety	AtLocation	corn
many variety	AtLocation	coffee bean
many variety	AtLocation	apple
cinema	AtLocation	town
cinema	AtLocation	every big city
cinema	AtLocation	large metro area
cinema	AtLocation	shop mall
cinema	AtLocation	city
drive car	IsA	dangerous activity
listen	IsA	activity
listen	IsA	important part of gather information
street sign	AtLocation	street corner
street sign	AtLocation	at corner of two street
card catalogue	AtLocation	library
something you find underwater	IsA	fish
something you find underwater	IsA	aquatic plant
something you find underwater	IsA	coral reef
something you find underwater	IsA	seaweed
something you find underwater	IsA	blowfish
something you find underwater	IsA	whale
something you find underwater	IsA	marine life
something you find underwater	IsA	habitat
something you find underwater	IsA	squid
blue	IsA	primary color
blue	IsA	music
blue	IsA	very calm color
blue	IsA	uncommon color for food
blue	AtLocation	navy uniform
blue	AtLocation	denim clothe
blue	IsA	refract light not pigment
blue	IsA	color and feel
blue	IsA	good color
blue	IsA	azure
blue	IsA	cerulean
blue	IsA	color
light	IsA	electromagnetic radiation
light	AtLocation	desk
light	AtLocation	attic
light	AtLocation	build
light	AtLocation	plane
light	IsA	tool
light	AtLocation	in room
light	AtLocation	in livingroom
light	AtLocation	concert
light	IsA	more visable in dark
light	IsA	important part of decorate
light	IsA	both wave and particle
light	AtLocation	sky above house
light	AtLocation	pocket
giraffe	IsA	ruminant
giraffe	IsA	not v yheavy
giraffe	AtLocation	africa
giraffe	IsA	mammal
giraffe	IsA	animal
calendar	AtLocation	desk
calendar	AtLocation	desktop
calendar	AtLocation	office supply store
calendar	AtLocation	store
calendar	AtLocation	build
calendar	AtLocation	house
calendar	AtLocation	dayplanner
calendar	AtLocation	date
calendar	AtLocation	wall
farm	AtLocation	nebraska
farm	IsA	tough work
farm	AtLocation	food
farm	AtLocation	animal
farm	AtLocation	country
farm	AtLocation	cow
farm	AtLocation	tractor
pub	IsA	place
pub	AtLocation	city
pub	AtLocation	great britain
pub	IsA	another word for bar
pub	AtLocation	english town or city
pub	AtLocation	town center
pub	AtLocation	any irish town
pub	AtLocation	edinburgh
pub	AtLocation	any large city
pub	AtLocation	ireland
pub	AtLocation	beer
pub	AtLocation	ale
pub	AtLocation	england
pub	AtLocation	alcohol
have sex	IsA	have fun
fountain pen	AtLocation	desk
fountain pen	AtLocation	your pocket
fountain pen	AtLocation	pocket
fountain pen	IsA	fine write instrument
fountain pen	AtLocation	shirt pocket
husband	AtLocation	his lover bed
husband	AtLocation	city
husband	IsA	marry adult male
husband	AtLocation	bed
husband	IsA	family
lightbulb	IsA	lot good than candle
examination table	AtLocation	doctor
examination table	AtLocation	doctor office
icebox	AtLocation	kitchen
worshipper	AtLocation	church
peach	IsA	domesticate plant
peach	IsA	vegetarian food
peach	AtLocation	pit
brass instrument	AtLocation	school band
shop	AtLocation	town
shop	AtLocation	street
shop	AtLocation	shop mall
shop	AtLocation	at mall
shop	AtLocation	ocean floor
shop	IsA	where shop take place
san francisco	IsA	in california
san francisco	IsA	liberal city
san francisco	IsA	beautiful city to visit
san francisco	IsA	vacation destination
san francisco	IsA	city
meteor	AtLocation	universe
meteor	AtLocation	outerspace
meteor	IsA	meteoroid
meteor	AtLocation	orbit
meteor	AtLocation	outer space
meteor	AtLocation	space
kid	AtLocation	park
kid	IsA	young than adult
kid	AtLocation	toy store
kid	AtLocation	playground equipment
kid	AtLocation	in park
kid	IsA	small than adult
kid	IsA	play interactive game
kid	IsA	open window on life
kid	IsA	another word for child
kid	IsA	girl
comic	AtLocation	in newspaper
comic	AtLocation	in book
mailman	AtLocation	post office
mailman	AtLocation	front door
mailman	IsA	derange lunatic
general	IsA	high rank
gourmet shop	AtLocation	mall
gourmet shop	AtLocation	ritzy neighborhood
gourmet shop	AtLocation	city
magnet	AtLocation	speaker
magnet	AtLocation	on fridge
magnet	IsA	horseshoe shape too
sing	IsA	activity
sing	IsA	human activity
sing	IsA	popular recreation
sing	AtLocation	at opera
sing	IsA	art form
sing	IsA	way to express yourself
sing	IsA	form of entertainment
sing	IsA	good way to express yourself
sing	AtLocation	opera house
sing	AtLocation	karaoke bar
sing	AtLocation	birthday party
sing	AtLocation	church
sing	IsA	form of self expression
sing	IsA	form of human entertainment
sing	AtLocation	theatre
sing	AtLocation	concert hall
sing	IsA	opera
ink	IsA	liquid
ink	AtLocation	inkwell
ink	AtLocation	fountain pen
ink	AtLocation	calligraphy
ink	IsA	commonly
ink	AtLocation	printer
ink	AtLocation	squid
hotel	AtLocation	la vega
hotel	IsA	nice place to spend vacation
hotel	AtLocation	touristic area
hotel	AtLocation	city
hotel	AtLocation	suite
hotel	AtLocation	food
document folder	AtLocation	office
document folder	AtLocation	computer desktop
document folder	AtLocation	file cabinet
veterinarian	IsA	human
veterinarian	IsA	doctor
mammal	AtLocation	meadow
mammal	AtLocation	forest
mammal	AtLocation	least somewhat furry
mammal	IsA	fur bear creature
mammal	AtLocation	zoo
mammal	IsA	lifeform
mammal	IsA	elephant
mammal	IsA	animal
mammal	IsA	whale
mammal	IsA	dog
mammal	IsA	rodent
mammal	AtLocation	hair
mammal	IsA	sheep
mammal	IsA	dolphin
mammal	IsA	mouse
mammal	IsA	bird
medal	IsA	symbol
medal	IsA	award for merit
medal	IsA	award for achieve something
medal	IsA	usually
medal	IsA	often
medal	IsA	reward for do something well
medal	IsA	form of recognition
medal	IsA	recieved as prize
medal	IsA	for military service
medal	IsA	make our of silver
medal	IsA	something to be proud of
medal	IsA	short description of someone achievement
medal	IsA	for bravery
medal	IsA	award for special service
medal	IsA	honor couragous person
medal	IsA	token of appreciation
medal	IsA	recognition of something well do
medal	IsA	award
medal	IsA	honor
nine planet	AtLocation	our solar system
nine planet	AtLocation	solar system
nine planet	AtLocation	solarsystem
nine planet	AtLocation	revolve around sun
some animal	IsA	mammal
some animal	IsA	small
some animal	IsA	become extinct
football field	IsA	one hundred yard long
football field	AtLocation	college campus
football field	AtLocation	high school
football field	AtLocation	player
football field	AtLocation	oklahoma
death	IsA	part of life
death	AtLocation	highway
death	IsA	fear thing
golfer	IsA	redneck
kingdom	AtLocation	europe
kingdom	AtLocation	fantasy world
kingdom	AtLocation	book
kingdom	AtLocation	monarchy
pan	AtLocation	pantry
pan	IsA	cook utensil for heat food
pan	AtLocation	kitchen
pan	AtLocation	oven
toolbox	AtLocation	garage
dust bunny	AtLocation	refrigerator
dust bunny	AtLocation	your bed
dust bunny	AtLocation	closet
dust bunny	AtLocation	fridge
dust bunny	AtLocation	desk
dust bunny	AtLocation	bedroom
dust bunny	AtLocation	bed
plane	IsA	machine
plane	AtLocation	at airport
plane	AtLocation	taxiway
plane	AtLocation	hangar
plane	AtLocation	gate
plane	IsA	safe than car
plane	AtLocation	recreational use or for war
plane	AtLocation	air
plane	AtLocation	sky
plane	AtLocation	engine
theater	IsA	build
theater	AtLocation	shop mall
theater	AtLocation	mall
theater	IsA	form of entertainment
theater	AtLocation	new york city
theater	AtLocation	city
theater	AtLocation	curtain
theater	AtLocation	movie
theater	AtLocation	play
theater	AtLocation	seat
hooker	AtLocation	motel
hooker	AtLocation	street corner
hooker	AtLocation	city
hooker	AtLocation	bedroom
hooker	AtLocation	on street
hooker	AtLocation	any large city
gravity	IsA	property of matter
gravity	IsA	force of nature
gravity	IsA	hold woman to grind
gravity	IsA	effect of curve space
gravity	IsA	less in space
gravity	AtLocation	black hole
gravity	AtLocation	build
gravity	AtLocation	sea
gravity	AtLocation	water
gravity	AtLocation	your table
gravity	AtLocation	school
gravity	AtLocation	any ocean
gravity	AtLocation	bedroom
gravity	AtLocation	supermarket
gravity	AtLocation	office
gravity	AtLocation	bed
gravity	IsA	weak force
plastic	AtLocation	my kitchen
plastic	IsA	invention
plastic	IsA	man-made product
plastic	IsA	light than wood
plastic	IsA	soft than metal
plastic	IsA	versatile material
plastic	AtLocation	everything
plastic	AtLocation	cupboard
plastic	IsA	material
athlete	AtLocation	sport event
athlete	IsA	person
athlete	AtLocation	locker room
athlete	AtLocation	stadium
acoustic guitar	AtLocation	closet
acoustic guitar	AtLocation	music shop
acoustic guitar	AtLocation	band
acoustic guitar	IsA	guitar
weapon	AtLocation	police station
weapon	AtLocation	gun store
weapon	AtLocation	cabinet
weapon	IsA	gun
weapon	IsA	club
weapon	IsA	sword
weapon	IsA	bomb
weapon	IsA	knife
bmw	AtLocation	germany
bass	IsA	specie of fish
bass	AtLocation	quartet
bass	IsA	freshwater fish
bass	AtLocation	river
bass	IsA	musical instrument
bass	AtLocation	music store
bass	AtLocation	barbershop quartette
storm	IsA	violent weather
storm	AtLocation	summer
storm	AtLocation	america
storm	AtLocation	sea
gentleman	AtLocation	church
gentleman	AtLocation	restaurant
gentleman	AtLocation	europe
gentleman	AtLocation	england
black hole	AtLocation	universe
black hole	AtLocation	outerspace
black hole	AtLocation	center of galaxy
black hole	IsA	dense massive object
black hole	IsA	object of great mass
black hole	AtLocation	space
furniture dresser	AtLocation	furniture store
furniture dresser	AtLocation	furniture shop
furniture dresser	AtLocation	clothe
army	IsA	military force
army	AtLocation	military base
army	AtLocation	war
towel	AtLocation	swim pool
towel	AtLocation	motel
towel	AtLocation	at hotel
towel	AtLocation	on beach
towel	AtLocation	locker room
towel	AtLocation	cupboard
towel	IsA	usually on towel rack
towel	AtLocation	hotel
towel	AtLocation	bathroom
towel	AtLocation	kitchen
typewriter	AtLocation	desk
typewriter	IsA	out of date
typewriter	IsA	machine for write rapidly
typewriter	AtLocation	antique shop
typewriter	IsA	primitive word processor
typewriter	IsA	old technology
typewriter	IsA	use before we have word processor
typewriter	IsA	fast than write by hand
typewriter	IsA	ancient machine
typewriter	IsA	machine
typewriter	AtLocation	ribbon
notepad	AtLocation	your desk
notepad	AtLocation	meet
notepad	AtLocation	desk
notepad	AtLocation	desk drawer
notepad	AtLocation	computer science lab
notepad	AtLocation	drug store
notepad	IsA	many sheet of paper bind together
cold faucet	AtLocation	bathroom
cold faucet	AtLocation	kitchen
hockey stick	AtLocation	hockey game
air	IsA	thin at high altitude
air	AtLocation	space shuttle
air	AtLocation	supermarket
air	IsA	light than water
air	AtLocation	your house
air	AtLocation	surface of earth
air	IsA	mixture of gas
air	AtLocation	tree
air	AtLocation	plant
air	AtLocation	bubble-wrap
air	IsA	commonly
air	IsA	thin in mountain
air	IsA	dense at low elevation
air	AtLocation	jar
air	AtLocation	mail box
air	AtLocation	cloud
air	AtLocation	sky
air	AtLocation	earth
air	AtLocation	airplane
air	IsA	gas
word	IsA	piece of sentence
word	IsA	form of communication
word	IsA	symbol for thing
word	AtLocation	newspaper
word	AtLocation	page of book
word	AtLocation	book
word	IsA	verb
toothbrush head	AtLocation	bathroom
time fly when you	IsA	have fun
parent	AtLocation	soccer game
parent	IsA	person
parent	IsA	father
parent	AtLocation	family
brewery	AtLocation	beer
fiddle	AtLocation	music store
fiddle	IsA	another name for violin
fiddle	IsA	violin
ride	AtLocation	at theme park
ride	AtLocation	at fair
ride	AtLocation	theme park
ride	AtLocation	carnival
my bedroom	AtLocation	your house
organ	IsA	musical instrument
organ	AtLocation	human body
organ	IsA	body part
organ	IsA	wind instument
organ	IsA	musical insrrument
organ	IsA	another kind of keyboard
organ	AtLocation	person
organ	AtLocation	orchestra
organ	AtLocation	system
organ	IsA	instrument
soap dish	AtLocation	bathroom
soap dish	AtLocation	sink
soap dish	AtLocation	hotel bathroom
soap dish	AtLocation	kitchen
vase of flower	AtLocation	table
obituary	AtLocation	newspaper
train station	AtLocation	city
train station	AtLocation	europe
train station	IsA	place
train station	AtLocation	country
book end	IsA	often
book end	AtLocation	book shelf
clothe store	AtLocation	city or town
clothe store	AtLocation	strip mall
birth control pill	AtLocation	bedroom
birth control pill	AtLocation	woman purse
birth control pill	AtLocation	drug store
birth control pill	AtLocation	whore house
acrylic	AtLocation	paint
acrylic	AtLocation	factory
acrylic	AtLocation	paint store
compass	AtLocation	backpack
stall	AtLocation	barn
stall	IsA	in bathroom
stall	AtLocation	public bathroom
stall	AtLocation	airplane accident
stall	AtLocation	street market
stall	AtLocation	market
stall	AtLocation	bathroom
ring bearer	AtLocation	wed
washcloth	AtLocation	linen closet
washcloth	AtLocation	bed bath store
marker	AtLocation	desk
marker	IsA	pen with fat tip
marker	AtLocation	drawer
marker	IsA	stationary
marker	AtLocation	child backpack
marker	AtLocation	book
marker	IsA	pen
intersection	AtLocation	street corner
intersection	AtLocation	corner of two street
intersection	AtLocation	place where two street meet
intersection	IsA	where two road meet
intersection	AtLocation	any city
intersection	AtLocation	city street
intersection	AtLocation	road
track	AtLocation	train station
track	AtLocation	stadium
track	IsA	define path
track	AtLocation	subway
track	AtLocation	station
track	AtLocation	snow
track	IsA	define path between two point
track	AtLocation	coliseum
track	AtLocation	arena
track	IsA	footprint on grind
track	AtLocation	runner
track	AtLocation	train
musical	IsA	play in
musical	IsA	play
soda	IsA	carbonate
soda	IsA	carbonate beverage
soda	AtLocation	soda can
soda	IsA	drink with bubble in it
soda	IsA	consider junk food
soda	IsA	sometimes
soda	AtLocation	fizz
soda	IsA	drink
soda	AtLocation	water
soda	IsA	fizzy
soda	AtLocation	can
knit	IsA	activity
knit	AtLocation	build
knit	IsA	hobby
pepsi	IsA	soft drink
pepsi	IsA	beverage
pepsi	IsA	soda pop
pepsi	AtLocation	soda can
pepsi	AtLocation	resturant
pepsi	AtLocation	mall
pepsi	AtLocation	store
pepsi	IsA	food
pepsi	AtLocation	movie
pepsi	IsA	one type of soft drink
pepsi	AtLocation	refrigerator
pepsi	AtLocation	theater
pepsi	IsA	drink
hawaii	IsA	place
hawaii	IsA	volcanic island
hawaii	IsA	collection of island
hawaii	IsA	island
washington	IsA	state
arizona	IsA	state within country usa
arizona	IsA	state
wyoming	IsA	state
virginia	IsA	state
ireland	IsA	picturesque country
ireland	IsA	member of european union
ireland	IsA	island
ireland	IsA	country
pothole	AtLocation	street
referee	AtLocation	hockey game
referee	AtLocation	soccer game
referee	AtLocation	football
jar	AtLocation	pantry
jar	AtLocation	cupboard
jar	AtLocation	refrigerator
jar	AtLocation	in pantry
jar	AtLocation	cabinet
jar	AtLocation	kitchen cupboard
jar	AtLocation	grocery store
jar	AtLocation	pickle
jar	IsA	container
jar	AtLocation	jelly
jar	AtLocation	food
skittle	IsA	candy
present	IsA	become past
present	AtLocation	friend wed
present	AtLocation	christmas tree
present	IsA	often
piece of paper	AtLocation	office
mandolin	IsA	instrument
mandolin	IsA	string musical instrument
mandolin	IsA	musical instrument
mandolin	AtLocation	music store
mandolin	AtLocation	instrument case
hairdressing salon	AtLocation	mall
coffee cup	AtLocation	cupboard
coffee cup	AtLocation	office
coffee cup	AtLocation	diswasher
coffee cup	AtLocation	trash
coffee cup	AtLocation	kitchen
coffee cup	IsA	common item
coffee cup	IsA	topologically equivalent to donut
coffee cup	AtLocation	desk
tourist	AtLocation	beach
tourist	AtLocation	state park
tourist	AtLocation	disneyland
tourist	AtLocation	waterfall
tourist	AtLocation	hot spring resort area
tourist	AtLocation	austria
tourist	AtLocation	new mexico
tourist	AtLocation	grand canyon
gardener	AtLocation	garden
shower stall	AtLocation	bathroom or army barrack
hand luggage	AtLocation	airport
hand luggage	AtLocation	airplane compartment
game show	AtLocation	television
line	AtLocation	post office
line	AtLocation	street
line	AtLocation	store
line	AtLocation	bank
line	AtLocation	square
line	AtLocation	bus stop
line	IsA	imaginary connection between two point
line	IsA	call queue
decanter	AtLocation	kitchen cupboard
decanter	AtLocation	brewery
decanter	IsA	container
decanter	AtLocation	men club
decanter	AtLocation	restaurant
bug	AtLocation	meadow
bug	AtLocation	garden
bug	AtLocation	roof
bug	AtLocation	rock
bug	AtLocation	field
bug	IsA	animal
bug	AtLocation	outdoors
bug	AtLocation	wood
bug	IsA	pest
sofa hide bed	AtLocation	apartment
sofa hide bed	AtLocation	live room
sofa hide bed	AtLocation	sofa
sofa hide bed	AtLocation	furniture store
sofa hide bed	AtLocation	livingrooms
lane	AtLocation	bowl alley
lane	IsA	small road
lane	AtLocation	rural countryside
lane	AtLocation	in front of house
lane	IsA	aisle
closet for clothe	AtLocation	bedroom
shower door	AtLocation	bathroom
shower door	AtLocation	shower
lake	IsA	small than ocean
lake	AtLocation	oklahoma
lake	AtLocation	moist area
lake	AtLocation	michigan
lake	IsA	large body of water
lake	IsA	large pond
lake	AtLocation	mountain
lake	AtLocation	park
lake	AtLocation	countryside
lake	AtLocation	utah
lake	IsA	important site for human recreation
lake	IsA	pool of water
lake	IsA	good place to go fish
lake	AtLocation	earth surface
lake	AtLocation	dead body
lake	IsA	body of water
fingernail	AtLocation	your finger
sport bat	AtLocation	baseball game
sport bat	AtLocation	batter hand
stuff animal	AtLocation	toy store
stuff animal	AtLocation	child room
stuff animal	AtLocation	girl room
stuff animal	AtLocation	child bedroom
stuff animal	IsA	collectible
ribbon	AtLocation	gallery open
ribbon	AtLocation	box
ribbon	AtLocation	childrens hair
ribbon	IsA	usually for decoration
ribbon	IsA	hair accessory
ribbon	AtLocation	someone hair
ribbon	IsA	decorative item
ribbon	AtLocation	typewriter
ribbon	IsA	bow
dental drill	AtLocation	dentist
bowl lane	AtLocation	bowl alley
pigeon	AtLocation	park
pigeon	AtLocation	statue
pigeon	IsA	bird
pen and pencil	AtLocation	desk
pen and pencil	AtLocation	office
swim pool	AtLocation	school
swim pool	AtLocation	motel
swim pool	AtLocation	backyard
swim pool	AtLocation	fitness center
swim pool	AtLocation	backyard of suburban house
swim pool	AtLocation	resort hotel
swim pool	IsA	artificial pond
swim pool	IsA	pond
cake	AtLocation	party
cake	IsA	often
cake	AtLocation	birthday party
cake	AtLocation	store
cake	AtLocation	at wed
cake	AtLocation	in oven
cake	AtLocation	wed reception
cake	AtLocation	table
cake	AtLocation	quandry
cake	IsA	cupcake
cake	AtLocation	bakery
think	IsA	what our mind do
think	IsA	easy when someone help you
think	IsA	hobbie
priest	IsA	men
priest	AtLocation	in church
priest	IsA	person
fur	AtLocation	rich person closet
fur	IsA	article of clothe
fur	IsA	hair
mechanic	AtLocation	repair shop
mechanic	AtLocation	race track
mechanic	IsA	fix car`s tire
dime	IsA	worth ten cent
steel	AtLocation	car frame
steel	AtLocation	build
steel	IsA	iron with some carbon add
steel	IsA	strong than wood
steel	AtLocation	stone cold steve austin fist
hydrogen	IsA	piece of water molecule
hydrogen	IsA	very reactive
hydrogen	AtLocation	space
hydrogen	AtLocation	chemistry lab
hydrogen	IsA	gas
hydrogen	IsA	element
glock	IsA	gun
glock	IsA	gun manufacturer
action figure	AtLocation	toy department
action figure	IsA	doll
action figure	AtLocation	theater
action figure	AtLocation	toy chest
action figure	AtLocation	toy store
washroom	AtLocation	rest area
washroom	AtLocation	park
chess	IsA	game of strategy
chess	IsA	game of skill
chess	IsA	two player game
chess	IsA	game of no chance
chess	IsA	excite game
chess	IsA	great game
chess	IsA	intellectual game
chess	IsA	analytical game
chess	IsA	complicate game
chess	IsA	game of two player
chess	IsA	sport
chess	IsA	board game
proton	IsA	component of atom
proton	AtLocation	space
letter scale	AtLocation	ship and receive department
linen closet	AtLocation	home
linen closet	AtLocation	house
linen closet	AtLocation	hallway
linen closet	AtLocation	bedroom
wind instrument	IsA	instrument
wind instrument	AtLocation	music store
wind instrument	IsA	musical instrument
wind instrument	AtLocation	music room
atlantic ocean	AtLocation	earth
atlantic ocean	IsA	very vast body of water
atlantic ocean	IsA	north america and europe
bean bag chair	AtLocation	den
bean bag chair	AtLocation	kid room
bean bag chair	AtLocation	person home
bean bag chair	AtLocation	college dorm
label maker	AtLocation	mail room
label maker	AtLocation	office
germ	IsA	microorganism
germ	AtLocation	your mouth
germ	AtLocation	water be
germ	AtLocation	mouth
sixty minute	AtLocation	hour
satchel	AtLocation	room
satchel	AtLocation	clothe store
satchel	AtLocation	luggage compartment
satchel	AtLocation	army
satchel	IsA	bag
satchel	AtLocation	school
terminal	AtLocation	airport
shipwreck	AtLocation	bottom of sea
shipwreck	AtLocation	ocean
shipwreck	AtLocation	water
waitress	AtLocation	resturant
waitress	AtLocation	in restaurant
waitress	AtLocation	bar
mourner	AtLocation	funeral
sixty second	AtLocation	minute
sixty second	AtLocation	one minute
knight	AtLocation	chess set
knight	IsA	chess piece
knight	AtLocation	historical novel
knight	IsA	person
knight	AtLocation	story
knight	AtLocation	chess board
knight	IsA	armor soldier
knight	IsA	fighter
knight	AtLocation	field
knight	AtLocation	castle
hardware store	AtLocation	city
hardware store	AtLocation	strip mall
hardware store	AtLocation	small town
hardware store	AtLocation	town
hardware store	AtLocation	shop mall
actor	AtLocation	show
actor	AtLocation	opera
actor	AtLocation	in film
actor	AtLocation	build
actor	IsA	person
actor	AtLocation	television
actor	AtLocation	play
actor	AtLocation	movie
alcohol	AtLocation	hotel
alcohol	AtLocation	plane
alcohol	AtLocation	fraternity house
alcohol	AtLocation	winery
alcohol	AtLocation	grocery store
alcohol	AtLocation	house
alcohol	AtLocation	cabinet
alcohol	AtLocation	home
alcohol	IsA	numb agent
alcohol	IsA	instance of drug
alcohol	IsA	fuel
alcohol	AtLocation	chemistry lab
alcohol	IsA	depressant
alcohol	IsA	intoxicate beverage
alcohol	IsA	ferment beverage
alcohol	IsA	sedative and pain-killer
alcohol	AtLocation	distillery
alcohol	AtLocation	in pub
alcohol	AtLocation	in bottle
alcohol	AtLocation	farmhouse
alcohol	AtLocation	beach
alcohol	AtLocation	airport
alcohol	AtLocation	build
alcohol	AtLocation	state park
alcohol	AtLocation	refrigerator
alcohol	AtLocation	shelf
alcohol	AtLocation	train station
alcohol	AtLocation	hospital
alcohol	AtLocation	cupboard
alcohol	AtLocation	your pantry
alcohol	IsA	methanol
alcohol	IsA	vodka
percussion instrument	IsA	musical instrument
percussion instrument	IsA	music instrument
percussion instrument	AtLocation	symphony
percussion instrument	IsA	string instrument
drake	IsA	male duck
check	IsA	piece of paper
check	AtLocation	check book
check	AtLocation	counter in motel
check	AtLocation	desk in hotel
check	AtLocation	counter in ahotel
check	IsA	form of payment
check	IsA	financial instrument
check	AtLocation	counter in airport
no two snowflake	IsA	same shape
crosswalk	AtLocation	street corner
crosswalk	AtLocation	city street
crosswalk	AtLocation	corner of two street
crosswalk	AtLocation	street
crosswalk	AtLocation	intersection
drink	AtLocation	dinner
drink	AtLocation	cabinet
drink	AtLocation	at bar
drink	IsA	best when cold
drink	IsA	refreashing
drink	IsA	fun only if you drive afterwards
drink	AtLocation	your table
drink	AtLocation	your pantry
drink	IsA	commonly
drink	IsA	liquid
drink	IsA	coffee
drink	IsA	soda
can of paint	AtLocation	garage
can of paint	AtLocation	hardware store
can of paint	AtLocation	your garage
beaker	AtLocation	in chemistry lab
beaker	AtLocation	chemistry lab
beaker	AtLocation	laboratory
sock	IsA	clothe
sock	AtLocation	in drawer
sock	AtLocation	suitcase
sock	IsA	garment
sock	IsA	article of clothe
sock	AtLocation	your bed
sock	AtLocation	bureau
sock	AtLocation	closet
sock	AtLocation	cabinet
sock	AtLocation	sock drawer
sock	AtLocation	shoe
sock	AtLocation	foot
sock	AtLocation	toe
break glass	AtLocation	beach
microwave	AtLocation	at apartment
microwave	IsA	electric product
microwave	IsA	appliance
microwave	AtLocation	kitchen
terrorist	AtLocation	airport
terrorist	IsA	bad person
terrorist	IsA	human
terrorist	AtLocation	safehouse
pistol	AtLocation	police station
pistol	IsA	handheld gun
pistol	AtLocation	gun shop
pistol	AtLocation	police officer belt
pistol	AtLocation	pant
pistol	IsA	gun
jam	AtLocation	supermarket
jam	AtLocation	in jar
jam	AtLocation	fridge
jam	AtLocation	grocery store
jam	AtLocation	jar
spare tire	AtLocation	trunk
acorn	AtLocation	under tree
acorn	AtLocation	grind
acorn	AtLocation	roof
acorn	AtLocation	tree
heat towel rack	AtLocation	bathroom
heat towel rack	AtLocation	washroom
heat towel rack	AtLocation	masage parlor
oven rack	AtLocation	oven
human body	AtLocation	funeral
human body	IsA	98 water
human body	IsA	complex chemical factory
human body	IsA	70 water
neck	IsA	narrow in something
neck	AtLocation	drive-in movie
neck	AtLocation	shoulder
neck	AtLocation	body
neck	AtLocation	bottle
prune	IsA	dry plum
school cafeteria	AtLocation	all kind of school
school cafeteria	AtLocation	school
hair gel	AtLocation	perfumery
hair gel	AtLocation	barber
hair gel	AtLocation	beauty salon
hair gel	AtLocation	bathroom
lifeguard	AtLocation	swim pool
lifeguard	AtLocation	beach
album	AtLocation	record store
album	IsA	container for family photo
album	AtLocation	music store
album	AtLocation	closet
album	AtLocation	cd case
handgun	IsA	dangerous weapon
handgun	AtLocation	holster of policeman
handgun	AtLocation	hand of murder
handgun	AtLocation	gunstore
handgun	AtLocation	museum
handgun	AtLocation	man hand
handgun	IsA	revolver
handgun	IsA	pistol
syringe	AtLocation	doctor
homeless person	AtLocation	bridge
homeless person	AtLocation	under bridge
homeless person	AtLocation	bus depot
homeless person	AtLocation	on street
homeless person	AtLocation	homeless shelter
ride bike	IsA	good exercise
ride bike	IsA	great exercise for your leg
electric toothbrush	AtLocation	bathroom
electric toothbrush	AtLocation	store
electric toothbrush	AtLocation	house
electric toothbrush	AtLocation	pharmacy
hunger	IsA	sensation
hunger	IsA	feel
sport ball	AtLocation	sport arena
dinner	IsA	last meal of day
dinner	IsA	usually
dinner	IsA	great time for socialization
dinner	IsA	one of three meal
dinner	AtLocation	table
play card	IsA	activity
play card	IsA	popular pastime for many person
play card	IsA	strong icon of society
wash cloth	AtLocation	bathroom
wash cloth	AtLocation	linen closet
wash cloth	IsA	small towel
clean house	IsA	happy house
clean house	IsA	only find in magazine
balcony seat	AtLocation	theater
balcony seat	AtLocation	balcony
water heater	AtLocation	basement
water heater	AtLocation	cellar
disposable razor	AtLocation	bathroom
disposable razor	AtLocation	supermarket
disposable razor	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
disposable razor	AtLocation	travel kit
disposable razor	AtLocation	trash can
disposable razor	AtLocation	trashcan
hose	AtLocation	garage
hose	AtLocation	fire station
hose	AtLocation	fire engine
hose	AtLocation	garden
male	IsA	human
male	AtLocation	bus
male	IsA	husband
pitcher	IsA	breakable
pitcher	IsA	container
tickle	IsA	form of play
centerpiece	AtLocation	table
fold clothe	AtLocation	suitcase
miner	AtLocation	underground
barbie doll	AtLocation	toy store
ford	IsA	brand of car
ford	AtLocation	street
lamp	AtLocation	bedroom
lamp	AtLocation	house
lamp	AtLocation	desktop
lamp	AtLocation	store
lamp	AtLocation	office
lamp	AtLocation	build
lamp	AtLocation	library
lamp	AtLocation	corner
lamp	AtLocation	your house
lamp	AtLocation	any large city
lamp	AtLocation	one room
lamp	IsA	light source
lamp	AtLocation	casino
lamp	AtLocation	shelf
lamp	AtLocation	table
lamp	AtLocation	desk
silverware	AtLocation	restaurant
silverware	AtLocation	dine room
silverware	AtLocation	kitchen
silverware	AtLocation	table
rent flat	AtLocation	city
rent flat	AtLocation	london
rent flat	AtLocation	england
place to stay	AtLocation	hotel
place to stay	AtLocation	motel
place to stay	AtLocation	city
place to stay	AtLocation	every country
place to stay	AtLocation	phone book
place to stay	AtLocation	dorm
dine table	AtLocation	dine room
dine table	AtLocation	formal dine room
dine table	AtLocation	restaurant
god	IsA	concept
god	IsA	imaginary friend for grow up
god	IsA	abstract creation of humanity
god	AtLocation	your mind
god	IsA	fairy tale for adult
god	AtLocation	museum
god	IsA	in charge of whole world
god	AtLocation	nowhere
god	AtLocation	synagogue
god	AtLocation	cloud
god	AtLocation	fiction
god	AtLocation	imagination
god	IsA	assumption
god	IsA	me i be not p
god	AtLocation	friend wed
god	IsA	abstract concept
god	IsA	dead you know
god	IsA	spirit
god	IsA	creator
for every action there	IsA	equal and opposite reaction
for every action there	IsA	equal and opposite reaction7
armchair	AtLocation	hospital
armchair	AtLocation	live room
armchair	AtLocation	furniture store
armchair	AtLocation	apartment
armchair	IsA	wide than person
armchair	IsA	chair
toy	AtLocation	child bedroom
toy	AtLocation	toy box
toy	AtLocation	child room
toy	AtLocation	at toy store
toy	AtLocation	toy chest
toy	IsA	for enjoyment
toy	IsA	ball
toy	IsA	game
toy	IsA	doll
toy	IsA	yoyo
toy	AtLocation	floor
toy	AtLocation	box
dictionary	AtLocation	library
dictionary	IsA	reference book
dictionary	AtLocation	cabinet
dictionary	IsA	book
coin purse	AtLocation	your purse
garden hose	AtLocation	garage
garden hose	AtLocation	your backyard
garden hose	AtLocation	tool shed
garden hose	AtLocation	garden shed
garden hose	AtLocation	yard
garden hose	AtLocation	back yard
garden hose	IsA	long tube
garden hose	AtLocation	hardware store
garden hose	AtLocation	your back yard
seaweed	AtLocation	in water
seaweed	AtLocation	at beach
seaweed	IsA	not plant
seaweed	AtLocation	water
seaweed	AtLocation	beach
revolve door	AtLocation	lobby
steeple	AtLocation	church
bench	AtLocation	bus depot
bench	AtLocation	bus stop
bench	AtLocation	train station
bench	AtLocation	rest area
bench	AtLocation	dugout
bench	AtLocation	at park
bench	AtLocation	state park
bench	IsA	long seat with no backrest
wife	IsA	female spouse
wife	AtLocation	neighbor house
wife	AtLocation	bed with her husband
wife	IsA	spouse who be female
wife	AtLocation	your best friend bed
wife	AtLocation	house
wife	IsA	family
bagpipe	IsA	musical instrument
bagpipe	AtLocation	scottland
bagpipe	AtLocation	scotland
volvo	IsA	car
american flag	AtLocation	moon
american flag	AtLocation	suface of moon
american flag	IsA	call star and stripe
american flag	AtLocation	stand
american flag	IsA	always
carbon	AtLocation	organic matter
carbon	IsA	coal
clown	AtLocation	circus
monitor	AtLocation	desk
monitor	AtLocation	casino
monitor	AtLocation	office
monitor	AtLocation	box
monitor	AtLocation	internet cafe
monitor	AtLocation	house
monitor	AtLocation	any large city
monitor	AtLocation	surface of desk
monitor	IsA	semi-sub
monitor	AtLocation	home
monitor	AtLocation	store
monitor	AtLocation	office supply store
monitor	AtLocation	build
monitor	IsA	tv
root	AtLocation	underground
art	AtLocation	eye of beholder
art	AtLocation	gallery open
art	AtLocation	detail
art	IsA	way of express yourself
art	IsA	way of express human emotion
art	IsA	artistic expression
art	IsA	generally
art	IsA	beauty
art	IsA	science
curry	IsA	spicey
classical music	IsA	music
classical music	IsA	challenge to play well
classical music	AtLocation	your house
koala	AtLocation	eucalyptus tree in australia
koala	AtLocation	wood
koala	AtLocation	it natural habitat
koala	AtLocation	jungle
koala	AtLocation	not far from sydney
koala	AtLocation	eucalyptus forest
koala	AtLocation	australian outback
koala	AtLocation	gum tree
koala	AtLocation	orient
koala	AtLocation	eucalyptus tree
koala	AtLocation	forest
koala	AtLocation	queensland
koala	AtLocation	great outdoors
koala	AtLocation	tree
koala	IsA	animal
koala	AtLocation	eucalyptus
emotion	IsA	way of think
emotion	IsA	fear
emotion	IsA	sadness
emotion	IsA	love
pi	IsA	approximately 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
pi	IsA	approximately 3.141592653589793238462643383279502
pi	IsA	irrational number
pi	IsA	approximately 3.1415926
pi	IsA	about 3.14159265359
pi	IsA	3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
pi	IsA	transendental number
pi	IsA	mathematical concept
pi	IsA	mathematical constant
pi	IsA	round to 3.14
live room	AtLocation	couch
live room	AtLocation	apartment
live room	IsA	place
live room	IsA	comfortable place to relax
live room	IsA	social room
live room	AtLocation	home
live room	IsA	space in house
live room	AtLocation	sofa
live room	AtLocation	bed
live room	IsA	in house
live room	AtLocation	television
live room	AtLocation	lamp
live room	IsA	in home
live room	IsA	one room
apple pie	IsA	dessert
apple pie	AtLocation	oven
apple pie	IsA	classic food
saw	IsA	best for cut firewood
lion	IsA	mammal
lion	IsA	wild animal
lion	AtLocation	veldt
lion	IsA	big cat
lion	AtLocation	in zoo
lion	IsA	carnivore he only eat meat
lion	IsA	from africa
lion	IsA	dangerous animal
lion	IsA	like cat
lion	IsA	good hunter
lion	IsA	carnivoirs
lion	AtLocation	africa
lion	AtLocation	jungle
lion	IsA	cat
lion	AtLocation	zoo
lion	IsA	animal
alarm clock	IsA	clock
alarm clock	AtLocation	bedroom
alarm clock	AtLocation	bed
alarm clock	IsA	necessity of modern life
alarm clock	AtLocation	home
hanger	IsA	for coat
hanger	AtLocation	airplane
shell	AtLocation	on beach
shell	IsA	example of fibonacci number
shell	IsA	protective house for some sea life
shell	AtLocation	grind
pocket knife	IsA	very useful tool
pocket knife	IsA	very handy tool to carry
pocket knife	IsA	in way portable knife
pocket knife	IsA	useful tool
paris	IsA	city in france
paris	IsA	sometimes
paris	IsA	city in northern france
paris	IsA	in france
paris	AtLocation	france
paris	IsA	city
telephone	AtLocation	on desk
telephone	AtLocation	in car
telephone	AtLocation	phone booth
telephone	IsA	talk to person
telephone	AtLocation	winery
telephone	AtLocation	friend house
telephone	AtLocation	desktop
telephone	AtLocation	hotel
telephone	AtLocation	in room
telephone	AtLocation	in phone booth
telephone	AtLocation	ear
telephone	IsA	device
telephone	IsA	way to contact your friend
telephone	AtLocation	internet cafe
telephone	AtLocation	earth
telephone	IsA	have long conversation
telephone	AtLocation	desk
telephone	AtLocation	office
telephone	IsA	communication device
telephone	AtLocation	your desk
vacuum cleaner	IsA	electric appliance
vacuum cleaner	IsA	twentieth-century phenomenon
vacuum cleaner	IsA	for carpet
atheist	IsA	person
atheist	IsA	human
atheist	AtLocation	university
atheist	AtLocation	philosophy department
atheist	AtLocation	school
atheist	AtLocation	bob jones university
atheist	AtLocation	car
atheist	AtLocation	classroom
atheist	AtLocation	bar
atheist	AtLocation	hospital
atheist	AtLocation	office
atheist	AtLocation	class
atheist	AtLocation	city
neighbor	AtLocation	next door
neighbor	IsA	someone who life near you
neighbor	AtLocation	house next door
neighbor	AtLocation	bed with your wife
steakhouse	AtLocation	city
steakhouse	IsA	restaurant
steakhouse	AtLocation	texas
cancer	IsA	disease
cancer	IsA	illness
no man	IsA	island
front room	AtLocation	modern house
front room	IsA	equivalent of live room
front room	AtLocation	condo
front room	AtLocation	modern home
front room	AtLocation	store
front room	AtLocation	apartment
front room	AtLocation	hotel
front room	AtLocation	home
bassoon	IsA	musical instrument
bassoon	IsA	double reed woodwind
bassoon	AtLocation	orchestra
bassoon	IsA	instrument
dark glass	AtLocation	store
apartment	IsA	place to live in
apartment	AtLocation	town
apartment	AtLocation	apartment build
apartment	IsA	small home
apartment	AtLocation	and apartment complex
apartment	AtLocation	room
apartment	AtLocation	roommate
credit card	IsA	card
credit card	AtLocation	purse
credit card	AtLocation	wallet
credit card	AtLocation	someone wallet
bbq	IsA	call barbeque
bbq	AtLocation	restaurant
bbq	AtLocation	backyard of house
bbq	AtLocation	back yard
bbq	AtLocation	backyard
pepper and salt	AtLocation	grocery store
pepper and salt	IsA	common season
beer mug	AtLocation	tavern
beer mug	AtLocation	bar
toilet paper	AtLocation	grocery store
toilet paper	AtLocation	toilet
toilet paper	AtLocation	bathroom
toilet paper	AtLocation	rest area
toilet paper	IsA	wonderful invention
toilet paper	AtLocation	cabinet
toilet paper	AtLocation	drug store
toilet paper	AtLocation	supermarket
victory	IsA	when one opponent defeat another
victory	IsA	sweet when
balloon	IsA	child toy
balloon	AtLocation	disneyland
balloon	IsA	fill shit
balloon	IsA	lightier than air
balloon	IsA	light than air
balloon	AtLocation	grocery store
balloon	AtLocation	sky
balloon	AtLocation	air
telephone room	AtLocation	airport
telephone room	AtLocation	hotel
clean clothe	AtLocation	drawer
desk drawer	AtLocation	desk
desk drawer	AtLocation	office
needle	AtLocation	sew kit
needle	IsA	scarey
needle	AtLocation	pin cushion
needle	AtLocation	sew shop
needle	AtLocation	doctor
radiator	AtLocation	apartment build
justice	IsA	often
restaurant	AtLocation	town
restaurant	AtLocation	city
restaurant	AtLocation	hotel
restaurant	IsA	establishment
restaurant	IsA	place to eat
restaurant	AtLocation	restaurant
restaurant	AtLocation	rice
restaurant	IsA	place person go to eat food
restaurant	IsA	talkative place
restaurant	IsA	good place to eat
restaurant	IsA	place for social dine
restaurant	AtLocation	any large city
restaurant	AtLocation	shop mall
restaurant	AtLocation	big city
restaurant	IsA	place
restaurant	AtLocation	drink
restaurant	AtLocation	plate
restaurant	AtLocation	table
restaurant	AtLocation	bill
restaurant	AtLocation	eat
restaurant	AtLocation	food
basketball	IsA	very popular sport
basketball	IsA	team sport
basketball	IsA	popular sport
basketball	IsA	play indoors
basketball	IsA	fast move game
basketball	IsA	fast game
basketball	IsA	subset of sport
basketball	IsA	team game
basketball	IsA	fast and physically demand sport
basketball	AtLocation	basketball game
basketball	IsA	hard round rubber ball
basketball	AtLocation	at gym
basketball	IsA	usually
basketball	IsA	competition sport
basketball	IsA	sport game
basketball	IsA	very fun game
basketball	AtLocation	basketball court
basketball	IsA	form of exercise
basketball	IsA	ball sport
basketball	IsA	demand game
basketball	IsA	sweaty game
basketball	IsA	competitive sport
basketball	IsA	fast-paced game
basketball	IsA	excite sport
basketball	IsA	sport you play
basketball	IsA	very active sport
basketball	IsA	active sport
basketball	IsA	aggressive sport
basketball	IsA	play use your hand
basketball	IsA	competative game
basketball	IsA	competitive game
basketball	IsA	intense sport
basketball	IsA	competitive not-contact sport
basketball	IsA	good exercize
basketball	IsA	big than baseball
basketball	IsA	sport often
basketball	IsA	popular game
basketball	IsA	very competitive fast sport
basketball	IsA	lame sport
basketball	IsA	bore game
basketball	IsA	nice sport
basketball	IsA	physical sport
basketball	AtLocation	shape of sphere
basketball	IsA	fast pace sport
basketball	IsA	first
basketball	IsA	incredibly fast pace sport
basketball	IsA	popular professional sport
basketball	IsA	one type of professional sport
basketball	IsA	popular sport in america
basketball	IsA	waste of time
basketball	IsA	extremely popular sport
basketball	IsA	very strenuous game
basketball	IsA	fun sport
basketball	IsA	large than baseball
basketball	IsA	ball
linen chest	AtLocation	bedroom
linen chest	AtLocation	closet
linen chest	AtLocation	hallway
conference auditorium	AtLocation	office build
conference auditorium	AtLocation	convention center
horn	IsA	another word for antelers
horn	AtLocation	march band
horn	AtLocation	symphony
horn	AtLocation	head of animal
horn	AtLocation	philharmonic orchestra
horn	AtLocation	automobile
horn	AtLocation	music store
horn	AtLocation	music shop
horn	IsA	wind instrument
horn	IsA	musical instrument
horn	AtLocation	bull
club chair	AtLocation	private club
trumpet	IsA	brass instrument
trumpet	AtLocation	trumpet case
trumpet	AtLocation	brass band
trumpet	IsA	wind instrument
trumpet	IsA	musical instrument
trumpet	AtLocation	band
read	IsA	good way to learn
read	IsA	one way to learn
read	IsA	one way of learn
read	IsA	investment of your time
read	IsA	activity
hamburger	AtLocation	pizza
hamburger	AtLocation	at fast-food restaurant
hamburger	AtLocation	resturant
hamburger	AtLocation	in macdonalds
hamburger	AtLocation	burger king
hamburger	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
hamburger	AtLocation	cow
hamburger	AtLocation	pickle
hamburger	IsA	food
carrot	AtLocation	supermarket
carrot	AtLocation	farmer market
carrot	AtLocation	refrigerator
carrot	IsA	domesticate plant
carrot	AtLocation	store
carrot	AtLocation	cellar
carrot	AtLocation	fridge
carrot	IsA	rinse in sink
carrot	AtLocation	at grocery store
carrot	IsA	long thin and orage
carrot	AtLocation	market
carrot	AtLocation	salad
carrot	IsA	vegetable
terrace house	AtLocation	suburb
desert	IsA	sweet food
desert	IsA	terrain with lot of sand
desert	IsA	place
desert	IsA	last course of meal
desert	IsA	best after meal
desert	IsA	cake
desert	AtLocation	oasis
desert	AtLocation	cactus
desert	AtLocation	sand
marble	AtLocation	boy pocket
marble	IsA	useful metamorphic rock
marble	AtLocation	jar
marble	IsA	easy to stain than granite
marble	AtLocation	store
marble	IsA	round object
marble	IsA	classic toy
marble	IsA	child toy
marble	IsA	stone
marble	IsA	rock
marble	AtLocation	game
marble	IsA	sphere
south carolina	IsA	state
north carolina	IsA	state
machine gun	AtLocation	retail nursery
machine gun	AtLocation	arsenal
machine gun	AtLocation	armory
door with lock	AtLocation	house
door with lock	AtLocation	prison
door with lock	AtLocation	garage
college	AtLocation	large city
college	AtLocation	new york
college	AtLocation	big city
college	IsA	place of learn
college	IsA	place where we learn thing
college	AtLocation	big town
college	AtLocation	new york city
college	AtLocation	country
college	AtLocation	michigan
college	IsA	educational institution
college	AtLocation	town
college	IsA	place
college	AtLocation	city
college	AtLocation	student
college	IsA	school
college	AtLocation	professor
fit room	AtLocation	department store
fit room	AtLocation	store
fit room	AtLocation	mall
fit room	AtLocation	clothe store
fit room	AtLocation	wal-mart
temple	AtLocation	india
temple	AtLocation	jerusalem
temple	AtLocation	china
temple	AtLocation	jewish community
temple	AtLocation	nepal
temple	IsA	place where you can worship
temple	AtLocation	city
temple	AtLocation	hindu
temple	AtLocation	buddhist
prisoner	AtLocation	cell
maid	AtLocation	at hotel
maid	AtLocation	mansion
maid	AtLocation	hotel
maid	IsA	servant
beach	IsA	relax place to be
beach	IsA	place
beach	IsA	good vacation spot
beach	IsA	near water
beach	IsA	popular place to visit
beach	IsA	desireable real estate
beach	IsA	find where water meet land
beach	IsA	where land meet ocean
beach	AtLocation	ocean
beach	AtLocation	umbrella
beach	AtLocation	sand
beach	AtLocation	volleyball
beach	AtLocation	ball
canvas	AtLocation	artist studio
canvas	AtLocation	art studio
canvas	AtLocation	art gallery
canvas	AtLocation	art store
screw	AtLocation	motorcycle
screw	IsA	incline plane
screw	IsA	wonderful simple invention
screw	AtLocation	tool box
screw	IsA	type of machine
screw	AtLocation	hinge of door
screw	IsA	another word for sex
screw	IsA	another word for fuck
screw	IsA	coil incline planeas
screw	IsA	consider simple machine
screw	AtLocation	garage
screw	AtLocation	machine
screw	IsA	modify wedge
screw	IsA	simple machine
screw	IsA	spiral
screw	IsA	tool
clavichord	IsA	instrument
clavichord	IsA	keyboard musical instrument
clavichord	AtLocation	museum
clavichord	AtLocation	parlor
clavichord	AtLocation	music room
sugar	AtLocation	restaurant
sugar	AtLocation	sugar bowl
sugar	IsA	sweet food
sugar	IsA	chemical
sugar	AtLocation	cupboard
sugar	IsA	main ingredient in candy
sugar	IsA	culinary ingredient
sugar	AtLocation	soft drink
sugar	AtLocation	bag
sugar	IsA	simple carbohydrate
sugar	AtLocation	store
sugar	IsA	glucose
honesty	IsA	positive trait
honesty	IsA	virtue
anger	IsA	emotion
ladder	AtLocation	hardware store
ladder	AtLocation	garage
ladder	IsA	tool
ladder	AtLocation	painter
literature	IsA	write text
literature	AtLocation	conference
literature	AtLocation	book store
literature	AtLocation	library
play	IsA	way to learn social skill
play	IsA	art
play	IsA	child way of learn
play	IsA	child work
play	IsA	do something you enjoy
play	IsA	form of exercise
play	IsA	form of entertainment
spray hose	AtLocation	yard
spray hose	AtLocation	garage
spray hose	AtLocation	greenhouse
spray hose	AtLocation	garden
hunter	IsA	camper
garage	AtLocation	downtown
garage	AtLocation	home
garage	AtLocation	build
garage	IsA	source of many home fire
garage	AtLocation	attach to house
garage	AtLocation	trash
garage	AtLocation	house
pillow case	AtLocation	bedroom
pillow case	AtLocation	drawer
pillow case	AtLocation	bed
pillow case	AtLocation	england
pillow case	AtLocation	closet
pillow case	AtLocation	apartment
pillow case	AtLocation	build
pillow case	AtLocation	motel
pillow case	AtLocation	house
pillow case	AtLocation	hotel
pillow case	AtLocation	cabinet
pillow case	AtLocation	home
prosthesis	IsA	artificial hand or leg
prosthesis	AtLocation	rehabilitation hospital
groom	AtLocation	friend wed
groom	IsA	say his vow to his bride
groom	IsA	kneel to kiss bride hand
groom	IsA	kneel and kiss his bride hand
hair dry	AtLocation	bathroom
hair dry	AtLocation	college dormitory
mineral	AtLocation	multivitamin
mineral	IsA	salt
mineral	AtLocation	rock
back yard	AtLocation	somebody property
back yard	AtLocation	neighborhood
back yard	AtLocation	back of house
back yard	IsA	house
train	IsA	method of transportation
train	AtLocation	on subway
train	IsA	form of transportation
train	IsA	popular form of transport
train	IsA	transportaion
train	AtLocation	railyard
train	AtLocation	ferry
train	AtLocation	train station
train	AtLocation	new mexico
train	AtLocation	india
train	IsA	early form of transportation
train	IsA	know as iron horse
train	IsA	heavy than car
train	IsA	slow than airplane
train	IsA	call iron horse
train	AtLocation	city
train	AtLocation	street
train	AtLocation	garage
train	AtLocation	station
train	AtLocation	track
club	IsA	exclusive group of person
club	IsA	play card
club	AtLocation	golf bag
club	IsA	weapon
repetition	AtLocation	someone show same picture twice
underground area	AtLocation	subway
underground area	IsA	area below grind
underground area	AtLocation	military
projectile	IsA	something
projectile	AtLocation	space
projectile	AtLocation	battle
projectile	AtLocation	weapon
projectile	AtLocation	gun
masturbate	IsA	activity
law	IsA	obligatory rule of conduct
law	IsA	rule for conduct
law	IsA	rule on how to behave
law	IsA	rule
pillowcase	IsA	cover for pillow
pillowcase	AtLocation	linen closet
pillowcase	AtLocation	bedroom
pillowcase	AtLocation	bed
holiday	IsA	special day
holiday	IsA	time to relax
stamp pad	AtLocation	desk
stamp pad	AtLocation	and office
stamp pad	AtLocation	architect office
stamp pad	AtLocation	office
stamp pad	AtLocation	post office
stamp pad	IsA	wad of material
convict	AtLocation	jail
convict	AtLocation	prison
office	AtLocation	build
office	IsA	place of business
office	AtLocation	office build
office	AtLocation	downtown build
office	IsA	where person work
office	AtLocation	city
office	AtLocation	school
office	AtLocation	office
office	IsA	place where person work
office	IsA	place where person
office	IsA	where some person work
office	AtLocation	secretary
office	AtLocation	phone
office	AtLocation	desk
office	AtLocation	chair
office	AtLocation	bureau
office	AtLocation	paper
office	AtLocation	computer
office	AtLocation	door
hot faucet	AtLocation	bathroom
hot faucet	AtLocation	kitchen
hot faucet	AtLocation	sink
shark	AtLocation	sea world
shark	AtLocation	gulf of mexico
shark	AtLocation	shallow water
shark	AtLocation	atlantic ocean
shark	AtLocation	pool hall
shark	AtLocation	zoo
shark	AtLocation	mediterranean sea
shark	AtLocation	movie jaw
shark	AtLocation	seawater
shark	AtLocation	salt water
shark	AtLocation	ocean or aquarium
shark	AtLocation	reef
shark	AtLocation	south pacific
shark	AtLocation	film jaw
shark	AtLocation	bad hollywood movie
shark	AtLocation	warm ocean
shark	AtLocation	television program
shark	AtLocation	open ocean
shark	AtLocation	human-infested water
shark	AtLocation	depth of sea
shark	AtLocation	beach of australia
shark	AtLocation	bloody water
shark	AtLocation	quarium
shark	AtLocation	restaurant
shark	AtLocation	indian ocean
shark	AtLocation	warm salt water
shark	AtLocation	in ocean
shark	AtLocation	warm water
shark	AtLocation	saltwater
shark	AtLocation	some fish tank
shark	AtLocation	separate tank
shark	AtLocation	ocean of world
shark	AtLocation	australia
shark	AtLocation	underwater
shark	IsA	our friend try to pet them
shark	AtLocation	bottom of sea
shark	AtLocation	fish tank
shark	AtLocation	shark-infested water
shark	AtLocation	great outdoors
shark	AtLocation	television show
shark	IsA	fish that cant stop swim
shark	AtLocation	barrier reef
shark	AtLocation	shark tank
shark	AtLocation	pacific ocean
shark	AtLocation	any ocean
shark	AtLocation	movie
shark	IsA	animal
shark	AtLocation	ocean
shark	IsA	fish
shark	AtLocation	sea
marmoset	AtLocation	south america
marmoset	AtLocation	wild
marmoset	AtLocation	zoo
marmoset	AtLocation	burrow
marmoset	AtLocation	wilderness
marmoset	AtLocation	france
marmoset	IsA	mammal
marmoset	AtLocation	mammal exhibit
marmoset	AtLocation	biology book
marmoset	AtLocation	forsest
marmoset	AtLocation	brazil
marmoset	AtLocation	marmoset country
marmoset	AtLocation	venezuela
marmoset	AtLocation	central america
marmoset	AtLocation	tropic
marmoset	AtLocation	south and central america
marmoset	AtLocation	book about animal
marmoset	AtLocation	mammal family
marmoset	AtLocation	menagerie
marmoset	AtLocation	forest
marmoset	AtLocation	jungle
marmoset	IsA	animal
marmoset	AtLocation	wood
marmoset	AtLocation	cage
marmoset	AtLocation	water
marmoset	AtLocation	great outdoors
marmoset	AtLocation	my pant
marmoset	AtLocation	rainforest
index card cabinet	AtLocation	library
index card cabinet	AtLocation	office
bookstore	AtLocation	city
bookstore	AtLocation	mall
bookstore	AtLocation	shop mall
bookstore	AtLocation	strip mall
dentist chair	AtLocation	dentist office
dentist chair	AtLocation	dental surgary
fabric	AtLocation	fabric store
fabric	AtLocation	clothe store
fabric	AtLocation	back of sofa
fabric	AtLocation	sew room
fabric	AtLocation	tailor shop
fabric	IsA	silk
fabric	IsA	linen
fabric	IsA	cotton
fabric	IsA	wool
marmot	AtLocation	jungle
marmot	AtLocation	northern hemisphere
marmot	IsA	animal
marmot	AtLocation	cage
marmot	AtLocation	burrow
marmot	AtLocation	zoo
marmot	AtLocation	north america
marmot	AtLocation	outdoors
marmot	AtLocation	vancouver island
marmot	AtLocation	wild
marmot	AtLocation	colorado
marmot	IsA	mammal
marmot	AtLocation	great plain
marmot	AtLocation	steppe
marmot	AtLocation	nature
marmot	AtLocation	marmot burrow
marmot	AtLocation	it burrow
marmot	AtLocation	south america
marmot	AtLocation	wood
marmot	AtLocation	forest
marmot	AtLocation	mountain
marmot	AtLocation	hole in grind
marmot	AtLocation	in wild
marmot	AtLocation	tree
marmot	AtLocation	unite state
marmot	AtLocation	magazine photo
marmot	AtLocation	yellow page
marmot	AtLocation	jasper
marmot	AtLocation	pet zoo
marmot	AtLocation	great outdoors
marmot	AtLocation	countryside
marmot	AtLocation	world
checkbook holder	AtLocation	bank
checkbook holder	AtLocation	purse
checkbook holder	AtLocation	pocket
checkbook holder	AtLocation	your purse
checkbook holder	AtLocation	desk
checkbook holder	AtLocation	your desk drawer
checkbook holder	AtLocation	suitcase
faucet	AtLocation	restroom
faucet	AtLocation	water
faucet	AtLocation	sink
faucet	AtLocation	bathroom
road	AtLocation	town
road	AtLocation	north america
road	IsA	mainly for car
road	AtLocation	car
road	IsA	lane
road	IsA	highway
road	IsA	avenue
clipper	AtLocation	drawer
clipper	AtLocation	bathroom
clipper	AtLocation	barber shop
court	AtLocation	courthouse
court	AtLocation	gymnasium
court	AtLocation	public build
court	AtLocation	lawyer
electric blanket	AtLocation	bedroom
electric blanket	AtLocation	someone house
electric blanket	AtLocation	cold climate
electric blanket	AtLocation	closet
electric blanket	AtLocation	home
electric blanket	AtLocation	drawer
cup of coffee	AtLocation	coffee shop
cup of coffee	AtLocation	kitchen
cup of coffee	AtLocation	table
cup of coffee	AtLocation	office
cup of coffee	AtLocation	desk
cup of coffee	IsA	pleasant way to relax
cup of coffee	IsA	stimulant
egg	AtLocation	chicken coop
egg	AtLocation	grocery store
egg	AtLocation	henhouse
egg	AtLocation	bird nest
egg	AtLocation	refridgerator
egg	AtLocation	refrigerator
egg	AtLocation	egg carton
egg	AtLocation	home
egg	IsA	usually
egg	AtLocation	omletts
egg	IsA	potential baby bird
egg	IsA	type of food
egg	AtLocation	your table
egg	AtLocation	house
egg	AtLocation	resturant
egg	AtLocation	egg container
egg	AtLocation	kitchen
egg	AtLocation	store
egg	AtLocation	farmer market
egg	AtLocation	shop
egg	AtLocation	apartment
egg	AtLocation	market
egg	AtLocation	your own freezer
egg	AtLocation	this nest
egg	AtLocation	fridge
egg	AtLocation	supermarket
egg	AtLocation	nest
egg	AtLocation	embryo
egg	IsA	food
silk	AtLocation	expensive clothe
silk	IsA	fabric
silk	AtLocation	china
vend stand	AtLocation	city
vend stand	AtLocation	street
vend stand	AtLocation	mall
fireplace	AtLocation	live room
fireplace	IsA	desirable addition to home
fireplace	AtLocation	family room
fireplace	AtLocation	home
cloth linen	AtLocation	linen closet
cloth linen	IsA	fabric
cloth linen	AtLocation	closet
yard	AtLocation	city
yard	AtLocation	neighborhood
yard	IsA	area of land
yard	IsA	unit of measurement
yard	AtLocation	town
yard	IsA	place
yard	IsA	three foot
yard	AtLocation	back of house
yard	AtLocation	lawn
yard	AtLocation	foot
flight bag	AtLocation	airport
flight bag	AtLocation	overhead baggage compartment
flight bag	AtLocation	airplane
flight bag	AtLocation	aeroplane
county	IsA	area in state
county	IsA	municipality
county	AtLocation	city
county	AtLocation	state
hair care article	AtLocation	drug store
hair care article	AtLocation	bathroom
hair care article	AtLocation	magazine
moistener	AtLocation	bathroom
moistener	AtLocation	hand lotion
moistener	AtLocation	drug store
moistener	AtLocation	lotion
molecule	AtLocation	your hand
molecule	AtLocation	mineral
molecule	IsA	collection of atom
molecule	IsA	oxygen
molecule	IsA	dna
shower switch	AtLocation	bathroom
performance	AtLocation	school ausitorium
performance	AtLocation	circus
performance	AtLocation	small block chevy
performance	AtLocation	show
performance	IsA	dance
homosexual	AtLocation	home
homosexual	AtLocation	house
homosexual	AtLocation	military base
homosexual	AtLocation	apartment
homosexual	AtLocation	live room
homosexual	AtLocation	sport good store
moss	AtLocation	grind
moss	AtLocation	waterfall
moss	AtLocation	forest
moss	IsA	plant
moss	AtLocation	tree
wed ring	AtLocation	friend wed
wed ring	AtLocation	jewelry store
wed ring	AtLocation	church
wed ring	IsA	ring
wed ring	AtLocation	box
star trek	IsA	science fiction
star trek	IsA	show broadcast from earth
star trek	IsA	great show
star trek	IsA	classic of science fiction
star trek	IsA	movie
star trek	IsA	science fiction tv series
star trek	IsA	tv show
star trek	IsA	pretend story
star trek	IsA	series of bad movie
star trek	IsA	popular television show
heat	IsA	form of energy
heat	AtLocation	fire
life	AtLocation	surface of earth
life	IsA	bitch and then you die
life	IsA	continue cycle
life	AtLocation	be behind 8
life	IsA	chiar
life	IsA	gamble
life	AtLocation	empty as this picture frame
life	AtLocation	zoo
life	IsA	beautifull
life	IsA	bore
life	IsA	matter of chemistry
life	IsA	animal
handle	AtLocation	fridge
handle	AtLocation	drawer
handle	IsA	wood
handle	AtLocation	bathroom
iris	IsA	flower and flower bloom
scheme	IsA	program language
scheme	IsA	functional program language
scheme	AtLocation	shakespeare play
scheme	AtLocation	city
scheme	IsA	elaborate and systematic plan of action
scheme	AtLocation	mind
scheme	AtLocation	play
scheme	IsA	machination
scheme	IsA	plot
furniture	AtLocation	build
furniture	AtLocation	loft
furniture	AtLocation	at home
furniture	AtLocation	bedroom
furniture	AtLocation	your house
furniture	AtLocation	friend house
furniture	AtLocation	rug
furniture	AtLocation	kitchen
furniture	AtLocation	office build
furniture	IsA	artifact of culture
furniture	IsA	bed
furniture	IsA	desk
furniture	AtLocation	store
nirvana	AtLocation	mit media lab
nirvana	IsA	band
engine	AtLocation	airport
engine	AtLocation	garage
engine	AtLocation	inside of car
engine	AtLocation	xar
engine	IsA	powerful machine
engine	AtLocation	oil
plan	IsA	procdure
kitchen	IsA	room in house
kitchen	IsA	place for food preparation
kitchen	IsA	special room
kitchen	AtLocation	at home
kitchen	AtLocation	winery
kitchen	AtLocation	resturant
kitchen	AtLocation	friend house
kitchen	AtLocation	in house
kitchen	IsA	where we cook food
kitchen	IsA	where you prepare food
kitchen	AtLocation	sink
kitchen	AtLocation	towel
kitchen	AtLocation	cupboard
kitchen	AtLocation	table
kitchen	AtLocation	refrigerator
kitchen	AtLocation	fridge
kitchen	AtLocation	spoon
kitchen	AtLocation	floor
cocker spaniel	IsA	dog
cocker spaniel	IsA	breed of dog
spaceship	IsA	vehicle
spaceship	IsA	like ship on ocean
spaceship	AtLocation	planet
trunk	AtLocation	garage
trunk	IsA	part of car
trunk	AtLocation	car
trunk	AtLocation	case
juice	AtLocation	refrigerator
juice	AtLocation	fridge
juice	AtLocation	apartment
juice	AtLocation	store
juice	IsA	crush fruit
juice	IsA	flavor water
autumn	IsA	depress time
autumn	IsA	apple harvest time
autumn	IsA	season
coke	AtLocation	movie
coke	IsA	sometimes
coke	IsA	pepsi
coke	IsA	beverage
sunflower	AtLocation	meadow
shoe	AtLocation	front door
shoe	IsA	clothe
shoe	AtLocation	store
shoe	AtLocation	your bed
shoe	IsA	clothe for foot
shoe	AtLocation	table
shoe	AtLocation	bed
shoe	AtLocation	shoe store
shoe	AtLocation	in closet
shoe	AtLocation	porch
shoe	AtLocation	front porch
shoe	AtLocation	your foot
shoe	AtLocation	shoe shop
shoe	IsA	good tool
shoe	AtLocation	closet
shoe	IsA	boot
shoe	AtLocation	foot
shoe	AtLocation	box
shoe	IsA	slipper
shoe	IsA	sandal
shoe	IsA	heel
shoe	AtLocation	polish
summer	IsA	hot than winter
summer	IsA	warm than winter
ham	AtLocation	pizza
ham	AtLocation	refrigerator
ham	AtLocation	supermarket
ham	AtLocation	store
ham	AtLocation	grocery store
ham	IsA	meat
rice	IsA	domesticate plant
rice	IsA	traditionally
rice	AtLocation	supermarket
rice	AtLocation	wed
rice	IsA	starch
rice	IsA	grain
shampoo	AtLocation	supermarket
shampoo	AtLocation	in bathroom
shampoo	AtLocation	at hotel
shampoo	AtLocation	bathroom
shampoo	AtLocation	bottle
shampoo	AtLocation	hair
viola	IsA	string instrument
viola	IsA	instrument of music
viola	IsA	only instrument
viola	AtLocation	music shop
viola	IsA	musical instrument
viola	AtLocation	orchestra
leather glove	IsA	glove
spear	IsA	weapon
cauliflower	IsA	flower
cauliflower	IsA	vegetable
sword	AtLocation	museum
sword	IsA	very long knife
sword	IsA	weapon of war
sword	AtLocation	it sheath
sword	AtLocation	collection
sword	AtLocation	sheath
sword	IsA	rapier
sword	IsA	weapon
statue	AtLocation	park
statue	AtLocation	church
statue	IsA	three dimensional sculpture
statue	IsA	example of art
statue	AtLocation	state park
statue	IsA	symbol
statue	AtLocation	museum
sadness	IsA	emotional and physical pain
sadness	AtLocation	at funeral
sadness	IsA	feel
classroom	AtLocation	at school
classroom	IsA	room
classroom	AtLocation	university
classroom	IsA	in school
classroom	AtLocation	student
classroom	AtLocation	book
pupil	AtLocation	at school
pupil	AtLocation	classroom
crow	AtLocation	tree
crow	IsA	bird
wheel	AtLocation	bicycle shop
wheel	IsA	important invention
wheel	IsA	torus
wheel	AtLocation	street
wheel	AtLocation	garage
wheel	IsA	sport
wheel	AtLocation	auto part store
wheel	AtLocation	boat
wheel	AtLocation	trunk of your car
wheel	IsA	tire
nickel	IsA	u.s
taoism	IsA	religion
taoism	AtLocation	china
soccer ball	AtLocation	soccer game
soccer ball	IsA	ball
soccer ball	AtLocation	lawn
soccer ball	AtLocation	at soccer game
soccer ball	AtLocation	garage
soccer ball	AtLocation	park
neptune	IsA	eighth planet from sun
neptune	IsA	planet
sweden	IsA	in europe
sweden	IsA	part of europe
newsweek	IsA	magazine
newsweek	IsA	magazine that report news
flea	AtLocation	rug
flea	IsA	animal
flea	IsA	parasite
flea	AtLocation	cat
hummingbird	IsA	only bird
hummingbird	IsA	tiny creature
hummingbird	AtLocation	park
hummingbird	IsA	bird
auk	IsA	bird
dallas	IsA	city
dallas	IsA	city in texas
kingfisher	IsA	bird
switzerland	IsA	country
switzerland	IsA	neutral country
switzerland	IsA	country in europe
bald eagle	IsA	bird
bald eagle	AtLocation	colorado
bald eagle	AtLocation	presidential seal
bald eagle	IsA	raptor
bald eagle	AtLocation	canada
bald eagle	AtLocation	forest
bald eagle	AtLocation	cliff
bald eagle	AtLocation	tree
bald eagle	AtLocation	canyon
bald eagle	AtLocation	in washington
bald eagle	AtLocation	utah
bald eagle	AtLocation	high place
bald eagle	AtLocation	western north america
bald eagle	AtLocation	forrest
bald eagle	AtLocation	protect bird sanctuary
bald eagle	AtLocation	maine
bald eagle	AtLocation	minnesota
bald eagle	AtLocation	wisconsin
bald eagle	AtLocation	thermal
bald eagle	AtLocation	large nest
bald eagle	AtLocation	south lake tahoe
bald eagle	AtLocation	president seal
bald eagle	IsA	eagle
bald eagle	AtLocation	nest
bald eagle	AtLocation	usa
bald eagle	IsA	animal
bald eagle	AtLocation	tall tree
bald eagle	AtLocation	u.s
bald eagle	AtLocation	aerie
bald eagle	AtLocation	grand canyon
bald eagle	AtLocation	researve
bald eagle	AtLocation	everglades
bald eagle	AtLocation	flight
bald eagle	AtLocation	refuge
bald eagle	AtLocation	picture
bald eagle	AtLocation	captivity
bald eagle	AtLocation	washington
bald eagle	AtLocation	natural habitat
bald eagle	AtLocation	eagle nest
bald eagle	AtLocation	retire eagle home
bald eagle	IsA	endanger bird
bald eagle	IsA	rare bird
bald eagle	IsA	good flyer
bald eagle	AtLocation	endanger specie list
bald eagle	AtLocation	american state seal
bald eagle	AtLocation	american history book
bald eagle	AtLocation	national emblem
bald eagle	AtLocation	mountain of north america
bald eagle	AtLocation	great outdoors
bald eagle	AtLocation	unite state of america
bald eagle	AtLocation	okeefenokee swamp
bald eagle	AtLocation	us
italy	IsA	country in europe
italy	IsA	country
italy	AtLocation	wine
mexico	IsA	north american nation
mexico	IsA	country
shrimp	IsA	crustation
shrimp	IsA	seafood
otter	IsA	playful aquatic mammal
otter	IsA	mammal
hamster	AtLocation	hamster wheel
hamster	AtLocation	house
hamster	IsA	animal
hamster	IsA	rodent
armadillo	IsA	mammal
ice hockey	IsA	sport
ice hockey	IsA	team sport
ice hockey	IsA	rugged game
ice hockey	IsA	dangerous sport
ice hockey	IsA	violent game
ice hockey	IsA	violent sport
volleyball	IsA	team sport
volleyball	IsA	ball sport
volleyball	IsA	sport
tiger	AtLocation	india
tiger	IsA	cat
tiger	AtLocation	zoo
tiger	AtLocation	jungle
bear	AtLocation	in forest
bear	IsA	sacred animal
bear	AtLocation	wood
bear	IsA	dangerous animal
bear	AtLocation	disneyland
bear	IsA	grizzly
bear	IsA	animal
los angeles	IsA	city
deer	IsA	mammal
deer	AtLocation	in forest
deer	AtLocation	nara
deer	AtLocation	wood
deer	IsA	animal
deer	IsA	fawn
bamboo	IsA	plant
albania	IsA	country
chad	IsA	country
australia	IsA	place
australia	IsA	prison colony
australia	IsA	country
australia	IsA	island
moth	AtLocation	closet
moth	IsA	insect
moth	IsA	bug
stork	IsA	bird
php	IsA	program language
our solar system	AtLocation	galaxy
our solar system	AtLocation	milky way galaxy
wave	AtLocation	at beach
wave	IsA	move region of vertically move water
wave	AtLocation	ocean
blood	AtLocation	person
blood	IsA	bodily fluid
blood	AtLocation	blood vessel
blood	AtLocation	emergency room
blood	AtLocation	animal
blood	IsA	liquid
blood	AtLocation	hospital
blood	AtLocation	vein
make love	IsA	value human activity
make love	IsA	great exercise
chess set	AtLocation	school
chess set	AtLocation	coffee house
chess set	AtLocation	game section of store
chess set	AtLocation	home
chess set	AtLocation	toy store
chess set	AtLocation	cupboard
chess set	AtLocation	live room
chess set	AtLocation	coffeehouse
lover	AtLocation	park
lover	AtLocation	backyard
lover	AtLocation	backseat of car
lover	AtLocation	restaurant
lover	AtLocation	state of bliss
lover	AtLocation	bed
word definition	AtLocation	dictionary
cowboy boot	IsA	footwear
cowboy boot	IsA	for redneck
cowboy boot	IsA	fashion statement
cowboy boot	IsA	for texan
speed boat	IsA	aerodynamically
speed boat	IsA	motorboat
speed boat	IsA	fun but always practice water safety
magnify glass	IsA	lense
america	IsA	patriotic country
america	IsA	democratic republic
america	IsA	stupid country
america	IsA	big country
america	IsA	call melt pot of nation
america	IsA	superpower
america	IsA	country
america	IsA	democracy
horseshoe	IsA	good luck
horseshoe	IsA	symbol for luck
horseshoe	IsA	for luck
horseshoe	IsA	sign of good luck
horseshoe	IsA	symbol of goodluck
horseshoe	IsA	consider lucky charm
horseshoe	IsA	consider good luck by some person
horseshoe	IsA	letter c backwards
horseshoe	IsA	symbol goodluck
horseshoe	IsA	aften
horseshoe	IsA	considdered good luck charm
some horse	IsA	good jumper
some horse	IsA	domesticate for human use
table tennis	IsA	call ping-pong
table tennis	IsA	call ping pong
table tennis	IsA	ridiculous sport
table tennis	IsA	common family game
table tennis	IsA	very fast action sport
table tennis	IsA	game
table tennis	IsA	athletic hobby
table tennis	IsA	activity
table tennis	IsA	type of sport
table tennis	IsA	sport
not all bird	IsA	blackbird
seatbelt	AtLocation	in plane
seatbelt	AtLocation	in car
seatbelt	AtLocation	backseat of car
seatbelt	AtLocation	car
eight	IsA	you spell number 8
mustard	AtLocation	fridge
mustard	AtLocation	hot dog
mustard	IsA	yuch
mustard	IsA	condiment
swiss cheese	AtLocation	shop
cubicle	AtLocation	office build
cubicle	IsA	alternative to office
cubicle	IsA	part of room
cubicle	AtLocation	bank
cubicle	AtLocation	build
cubicle	AtLocation	corporation
cubicle	IsA	workspace
cubicle	AtLocation	office
my car	AtLocation	repair shop
my car	IsA	boom box on wheel
tortoise	IsA	land adapt turtle
tortoise	IsA	large turtle
tortoise	IsA	endanger specie
tortoise	IsA	big turtle
tortoise	IsA	land reptile
tortoise	IsA	slow than hare
tortoise	IsA	large turles
tortoise	IsA	reptile
text book	AtLocation	school
text book	IsA	not usually
vegetable	AtLocation	supermarket
vegetable	AtLocation	vegetable garden
vegetable	AtLocation	market
vegetable	AtLocation	fridge
vegetable	AtLocation	grocery store
vegetable	IsA	commonly
vegetable	IsA	carrot
vegetable	IsA	plant
vegetable	AtLocation	fruit
vegetable	IsA	bean
vegetable	IsA	celery
vegetable	IsA	zucchini
vegetable	IsA	food
vegetable	IsA	lettuce
vegetable	IsA	cabbage
vegetable	IsA	tomato
vegetable	IsA	potato
vegetable	IsA	onion
universe	AtLocation	town
universe	IsA	all around us
universe	IsA	thing
universe	IsA	emense space full of beauty
universe	IsA	big place
universe	AtLocation	any large city
universe	IsA	big thing
universe	AtLocation	everything
universe	AtLocation	star
universe	AtLocation	sun
universe	AtLocation	planet
universe	AtLocation	life
honda	IsA	car
honda	IsA	brand of car
triangle	IsA	small percussion instrument
triangle	AtLocation	math book
triangle	AtLocation	mathematics
triangle	IsA	close shape with three side
triangle	AtLocation	music class
triangle	AtLocation	orchestra
triangle	IsA	percussion instrument
triangle	IsA	geometric figure with three side
triangle	AtLocation	math class
triangle	AtLocation	architect office
triangle	AtLocation	music shop
triangle	AtLocation	draft class
triangle	AtLocation	draft
triangle	IsA	musical instrument string
triangle	AtLocation	music store
triangle	AtLocation	concert
triangle	IsA	type of musical instrument
triangle	AtLocation	symphony
triangle	IsA	figure
triangle	AtLocation	math
opinion	AtLocation	newspaper
artery	IsA	blood vessel
artery	AtLocation	your body
artery	AtLocation	your heart
artery	IsA	channel along
artery	AtLocation	blood
reception area	AtLocation	person
reception area	AtLocation	office build
reception area	AtLocation	hotel
choice	AtLocation	fork in road
choice	IsA	decision
disk	AtLocation	cd player
disk	IsA	slice of tube
disk	AtLocation	computer
iron	AtLocation	laundry room
iron	AtLocation	house
iron	IsA	abundant element upon earth
iron	IsA	strong metal
iron	IsA	common metal
iron	IsA	element
iron	IsA	metal
railroad track	AtLocation	train station
hair	AtLocation	my head
hair	AtLocation	sink
hair	AtLocation	hairbrush
hair	AtLocation	barber shop
hair	AtLocation	shower drain pipe
hair	AtLocation	your arm
hair	AtLocation	your finger
hair	AtLocation	moustache
hair	AtLocation	person head
hair	IsA	strand
hair	AtLocation	shampoo
hair	AtLocation	brush
slipper	AtLocation	your bed
slipper	AtLocation	bedroom
slipper	IsA	shoe
muscle	AtLocation	animal
muscle	AtLocation	human body
muscle	AtLocation	your arm
muscle	IsA	in human body
muscle	AtLocation	body of animal
muscle	AtLocation	city
muscle	AtLocation	restaurant
muscle	AtLocation	house
muscle	AtLocation	arm
muscle	IsA	meat
astronomer	AtLocation	in observatory
furniture secretary	IsA	desk
furniture secretary	AtLocation	furniture store
furniture secretary	AtLocation	antique store
furniture secretary	AtLocation	old house
call	AtLocation	call center
1	IsA	number
1	IsA	abstaction
party	IsA	social gather
party	AtLocation	fraternity house
party	IsA	social occasion
party	IsA	celebrate and or socialize
party	IsA	dress up
party	IsA	when person get together to socialize
party	IsA	event
sentence	AtLocation	sentence
sentence	AtLocation	anything
sentence	AtLocation	verb
sentence	IsA	punishment
nevada	IsA	state
montana	IsA	state
montana	IsA	beautiful state
black	IsA	dark color
black	IsA	shade not colour
black	IsA	rude color
black	AtLocation	park
black	IsA	color
new car	AtLocation	car show
entranceway	IsA	location
entranceway	AtLocation	build
pulpit	IsA	in church
pulpit	AtLocation	church
pulpit	AtLocation	cathedral
banana peel	AtLocation	trash
banana peel	AtLocation	waste bin
banana peel	AtLocation	compost bin
typewriter key	AtLocation	typewriter
typewriter key	AtLocation	museum
typewriter key	AtLocation	keyboard
health food store	AtLocation	mall
health food store	AtLocation	big city
health food store	AtLocation	california
health food store	AtLocation	city
kosher deli	AtLocation	new york
kosher deli	AtLocation	new york city
kosher deli	AtLocation	jewish neighborhood
kosher deli	AtLocation	jewish community
kosher deli	AtLocation	jerusalem
account book	AtLocation	bank
account book	AtLocation	purse
account book	AtLocation	desk
many fish	AtLocation	ocean
basket	AtLocation	laundry in laundry room
basket	AtLocation	laundry in laundromat
basket	IsA	containment device
basket	AtLocation	home
basket	AtLocation	handle in shop
basket	IsA	game
basket	IsA	hold many flower
basket	AtLocation	laundry in laundry mat
basket	AtLocation	laundry in laundry closet
basket	AtLocation	home decor store
basket	AtLocation	sew room
basket	IsA	container
basket	AtLocation	fruit
ear of corn	AtLocation	their husk
shelf	AtLocation	bookstore
shelf	AtLocation	bathroom
shelf	AtLocation	refrigerator
shelf	IsA	horizontal surface
shelf	AtLocation	corner
shelf	AtLocation	home
shelf	AtLocation	office
shelf	AtLocation	garage
shelf	AtLocation	paint
shelf	AtLocation	book
shelf	AtLocation	wall
shelf	AtLocation	dust
shelf	AtLocation	closet
shelf	AtLocation	paper
advertisement	AtLocation	mail
advertisement	AtLocation	mail box
advertisement	AtLocation	bus
advertisement	AtLocation	subway
advertisement	AtLocation	television
advertisement	AtLocation	magazine
program	AtLocation	opera
program	IsA	set of instruction
program	AtLocation	conference
program	AtLocation	computer
program	AtLocation	television
rock	AtLocation	suface of moon
rock	AtLocation	surface of earth
rock	AtLocation	bottom of sea
rock	AtLocation	bridge
rock	IsA	natural substance
rock	AtLocation	field
rock	AtLocation	on grind
rock	AtLocation	on moon
rock	AtLocation	at bottom of sea
rock	AtLocation	top of mountain
rock	IsA	natural build material
rock	AtLocation	in comet
rock	IsA	million of year old
rock	AtLocation	grind
rock	AtLocation	chair
rock	IsA	stone
rock	AtLocation	mountain
rock	IsA	music
rock	AtLocation	dirt
action	IsA	activity
rooster	IsA	male chicken
rooster	IsA	mean sometimes
rooster	IsA	bird
rooster	IsA	chicken
hairbrush	AtLocation	bathroom drawer
hairbrush	AtLocation	drugstore
hairbrush	AtLocation	home
hairbrush	AtLocation	bathroom
rifle	IsA	type of gun
rifle	AtLocation	sport good store
rifle	AtLocation	armory
rifle	AtLocation	gun chest
rifle	IsA	weapon
rifle	IsA	firearm
square	AtLocation	town center
square	IsA	shape
soccer	IsA	team sport
soccer	IsA	contact sport
soccer	IsA	popular outdoor game
soccer	IsA	ball sport
soccer	IsA	hobby
soccer	AtLocation	in brazil
soccer	IsA	widely-played sport
soccer	IsA	very popular sport in europe
soccer	IsA	sport play mainly with foot
soccer	IsA	good exercise
soccer	IsA	sport require great energy
soccer	IsA	rough sport
soccer	IsA	fun game
soccer	IsA	excite game
soccer	IsA	physically demand game
soccer	IsA	european sport
soccer	IsA	very intense game
soccer	IsA	activity
soccer	IsA	olympic sport
soccer	IsA	sport
soccer	IsA	game
peak	AtLocation	top of mountain
ceiling	AtLocation	build
wristwatch	IsA	portable clock
wristwatch	AtLocation	mall
wristwatch	AtLocation	jewelry store
dine room table	AtLocation	dine room
dine room table	AtLocation	furniture store
shopkeeper	AtLocation	shop
chemist	AtLocation	chemistry lab
chemist	IsA	person who study chemistry
faucet overflow	AtLocation	bathroom
faucet overflow	AtLocation	sink
faucet overflow	AtLocation	nick of time
faucet overflow	AtLocation	hospital
ficus	AtLocation	arboretum
ficus	AtLocation	park
ficus	AtLocation	garden store
ficus	AtLocation	yard
ficus	AtLocation	rainforest
ficus	AtLocation	office
ficus	AtLocation	garden section
ficus	AtLocation	earth
ficus	AtLocation	dirt
ficus	AtLocation	mall
ficus	AtLocation	book
ficus	AtLocation	grind
ficus	AtLocation	plant store
ficus	AtLocation	planter
ficus	AtLocation	tropical forest
ficus	AtLocation	forets
ficus	AtLocation	landscape
ficus	AtLocation	office build
ficus	AtLocation	wet place
ficus	AtLocation	shady place
ficus	AtLocation	agarden
ficus	AtLocation	tropic
ficus	AtLocation	store that sell plant
ficus	AtLocation	plant kingdom
ficus	AtLocation	plant shop
ficus	AtLocation	desert
ficus	AtLocation	nursery
ficus	AtLocation	large pot
ficus	AtLocation	lobby
ficus	AtLocation	flower pot
ficus	AtLocation	garden nursery
ficus	AtLocation	field
ficus	AtLocation	green house
ficus	IsA	plant
ficus	AtLocation	zoo
ficus	AtLocation	front yard
ficus	AtLocation	home and garden store
ficus	AtLocation	great outdoors
ficus	AtLocation	sunny window
ficus	AtLocation	my ass
ficus	AtLocation	forest
ficus	AtLocation	pot
pet	AtLocation	your house
pet	IsA	domesticate animal
pet	AtLocation	at home
pet	AtLocation	petstores
pet	IsA	love and freindly
pet	IsA	dog
pet	IsA	rabbit
pet	IsA	animal
bass clarinet	AtLocation	music store
bass clarinet	AtLocation	band
bass clarinet	AtLocation	orchestra
bass clarinet	AtLocation	school band
bass clarinet	IsA	musical instrument
bass clarinet	IsA	reed instrument
bass clarinet	AtLocation	opera house
baseball stadium	AtLocation	phoenix
baseball stadium	AtLocation	large city
baseball stadium	AtLocation	major city
watch tv	IsA	waste time
watch tv	IsA	passive activity
there	IsA	no god
there	IsA	no sound in outer space
there	IsA	mail in mailbox
there	IsA	no air in space
there	IsA	none
there	IsA	no gravity in space
there	IsA	no account of taste
there	IsA	swim pool in hotel
there	IsA	no proof of god
there	IsA	seven continent
there	IsA	no proof for god
there	IsA	many card game
there	IsA	four season
there	IsA	axe
there	IsA	many religion
there	IsA	no atmosphere on moon
there	IsA	flower
there	IsA	no relationship
there	IsA	no free lunch
there	IsA	no air in outer space
there	IsA	plant with green leave
there	IsA	fruit in basket
there	IsA	no evidence
there	IsA	no picture in frame
there	IsA	no sound in vacuum
there	IsA	rabbit
there	IsA	different weather around world
there	IsA	no air in outerspace
there	IsA	splendor in thing symetrical
there	IsA	much paperwork
there	IsA	no concrete definition of justice
there	IsA	lot of aid in africa
there	IsA	space outside of earth atmosphere
there	IsA	five precious book
there	IsA	furniture
there	IsA	famous carnival in venice
there	IsA	symbol
there	IsA	dome on u.s
there	IsA	no prayer
there	IsA	nothing funny about large eyebrow
there	IsA	column
there	IsA	safety in number
there	IsA	much travel by car
there	IsA	wide variety of office supply
there	IsA	door in background
there	IsA	pale blue bow
there	IsA	thunderhead over city
there	IsA	cozy fire in fireplace
there	IsA	no person here
there	IsA	metal everywhere
there	IsA	trick candle
there	IsA	no account for taste
there	IsA	many different exercise machine
there	IsA	many radio station
there	IsA	many different color
there	IsA	no air in vacuum
there	IsA	alot of beauty in nature
there	IsA	table tennis with no hole
there	IsA	bury treasure in carribbean
there	IsA	resistance when air be under pressure
there	IsA	bike with one wheel
there	IsA	great beauty in nature
there	IsA	large interchange where major highway meet
there	IsA	many different architectural style
there	IsA	person who love office supply
there	IsA	power in number
there	IsA	time for everything
there	IsA	boy on bike
there	IsA	lot of landscape
there	IsA	no female professional football player
there	IsA	mustard color house
there	IsA	different religion
there	IsA	emergency somewhere
there	IsA	many color
there	IsA	no rose without thorn
there	IsA	sand in hour glass
there	IsA	pair of dice
there	IsA	many beauty product
there	IsA	seven ocean
there	IsA	void in center
there	IsA	little hope for outcast
there	IsA	more knife hide here
there	IsA	many uninhabited island
there	IsA	law concern marriage
there	IsA	no place like home
there	IsA	wealth of knowledge in book
there	IsA	beauty everywhere
there	IsA	no wind
there	IsA	insect call dust mite
there	IsA	some strange yellow thing there
there	IsA	nothing like morning in bed
there	IsA	no oxygen in space
there	IsA	nothing cute than puppy or child
there	IsA	princess in old story
there	IsA	cornacopia of fruit to eat
there	IsA	four teenage mutant ninja turtle
there	IsA	information on disk
there	IsA	nightclub in nyc call birdland
there	IsA	giant statue in new york
there	IsA	wide selection of fruit here
there	IsA	no air to breathe in space
there	IsA	only one trophy
there	IsA	4 ocean
there	IsA	some letter in open mailbox
there	IsA	spherical piece of rubber
there	IsA	arc in those road
there	IsA	vase with pink droop flower
there	IsA	orange bottle on ledge
there	IsA	2 horse
there	IsA	yellow fish on picture
there	IsA	many tall build
there	IsA	yellow ribbon
there	IsA	fork-lift transport piece of grass
there	IsA	goldfish in that bowl
there	IsA	godden archaize
there	IsA	red inflator stand
there	IsA	black comb
there	IsA	few planet
there	IsA	cluster of rose blossom
there	IsA	man with child
there	IsA	yellow tractor carying sod
there	IsA	somebody in canoe
there	IsA	office build
there	IsA	2 person
there	IsA	lightning flash in sky
there	IsA	many house
there	IsA	two men play basketball
there	IsA	river go through forest
there	IsA	capuccino cup over table
there	IsA	steep snow-covered descent
there	IsA	lot of medicine
there	IsA	two red dice
there	IsA	bagel with cream cheese
there	IsA	brownish horse on lawn
there	IsA	yellow bus
there	IsA	horse compete in steeplechase
there	IsA	several person eat
there	IsA	shelve
there	IsA	terrible storm
there	IsA	road in forest
there	IsA	dog and yellow car
there	IsA	highway with some car
there	IsA	snowcapped mountain in distance
there	IsA	three number
there	IsA	lamp on leave
there	IsA	two main sail
there	IsA	four animal
there	IsA	letter on metal
there	IsA	rug on floor
there	IsA	mountain in background
there	IsA	hook
there	IsA	advertisement above car
there	IsA	twenty three item show
there	IsA	lot of steam
there	IsA	16 dot
there	IsA	wooden cross on right
there	IsA	flash over house
there	IsA	group of woman
there	IsA	long haired caucasian man
there	IsA	eight musical note
there	IsA	seven basic musical tone
there	IsA	no such color as reddish-green
there	IsA	television show call twin peak
there	IsA	movie call state fair
there	IsA	one synagogue in brandon florida
there	IsA	no relationship between these word
there	IsA	no relationship betwen these word
there	IsA	no boogeyman in your closet
there	IsA	much world poverty
there	IsA	no afterlife
there	IsA	clown at birthday party
there	IsA	harsh weather in winter
there	IsA	food at grocery store
astronaut	IsA	person
astronaut	AtLocation	orbit
astronaut	AtLocation	space station
astronaut	AtLocation	in space
astronaut	AtLocation	walk on moon
astronaut	AtLocation	train simulator
astronaut	AtLocation	outer space
astronaut	AtLocation	space shuttle
astronaut	AtLocation	moon
spaghetti	IsA	string like
spaghetti	IsA	pasta
salt water	AtLocation	ocean
salt water	AtLocation	pacific ocean
zero	IsA	number
truck	IsA	big than car
truck	AtLocation	freeway
truck	IsA	large than car
truck	AtLocation	on street
truck	IsA	vehicle type
truck	AtLocation	garage
truck	IsA	vehicle with seat inside it
truck	AtLocation	rest area
truck	AtLocation	tire
truck	IsA	vehicle
musical instrument	IsA	device
musical instrument	AtLocation	band
musical instrument	IsA	instrument
musical instrument	AtLocation	bandroom
musical instrument	AtLocation	band room
musical instrument	AtLocation	music room
musical instrument	AtLocation	concert hall
musical instrument	AtLocation	concern
spider	AtLocation	mail box
spider	AtLocation	cellar
spider	IsA	arthropod
spider	IsA	animal
spider	AtLocation	in tree
spider	AtLocation	in crack
spider	AtLocation	on wall
spider	AtLocation	on spider web
spider	AtLocation	hang from above
spider	AtLocation	on ceiling
spider	AtLocation	floor
spider	AtLocation	hang in air
spider	IsA	arachnid
tennis	IsA	great sport
tennis	IsA	activity
tennis	IsA	game that use racket
tennis	IsA	racket sport
tennis	IsA	form of exercise
tennis	IsA	game
tennis	IsA	sport
depression	IsA	hell
player	AtLocation	sport event
player	AtLocation	stadium
smog	IsA	pollute air
white	IsA	color of paint
white	IsA	color commonly
mit	IsA	on earth
mit	IsA	college
mit	IsA	in massachusetts
mit	IsA	very big school for technology
sail	IsA	sport
sail	IsA	expensive hobby
sail	AtLocation	in boat
sail	IsA	adjust accord to wind direction
sail	IsA	good sport
good	AtLocation	supermarket
good	IsA	desirable trait
good	AtLocation	grocery store
ant	IsA	social insect
ant	IsA	one type of insect
ant	AtLocation	pantry
ant	IsA	animal
ant	AtLocation	leftover
ant	AtLocation	sugar
ant	IsA	small than bird
ant	IsA	insect
guitar	IsA	musical instrument
guitar	AtLocation	music room
guitar	IsA	very common musical instrument
guitar	IsA	music instrument
guitar	AtLocation	concert hall
guitar	IsA	nothing more than glorify fiddle
guitar	IsA	refer to as string cock
guitar	IsA	common instrument in pop music
guitar	IsA	very popular instrument
guitar	IsA	easy instrument to learn
guitar	IsA	portable instrument
guitar	IsA	string muscial instrument
guitar	IsA	percussion instrument
guitar	AtLocation	music shop
guitar	IsA	string instrument
guitar	AtLocation	band
basement	IsA	room under house
basement	IsA	room below house
basement	IsA	place
basement	AtLocation	closet
condominium	AtLocation	city
condominium	AtLocation	florida
condominium	AtLocation	community
condominium	AtLocation	town
condominium	AtLocation	towel
condominium	AtLocation	complex
condominium	IsA	home
condominium	AtLocation	rich part of town
eyeglass	AtLocation	their case
ice cube	AtLocation	freezer
ice cube	AtLocation	glass
beanie baby	AtLocation	toy store
beanie baby	IsA	toy
beanie baby	IsA	soft doll
beanie baby	AtLocation	trash heap
ledger	AtLocation	bookkeeper office
ledger	AtLocation	accountant office
ledger	IsA	book
bag	AtLocation	drawer
bag	AtLocation	supermarket
bag	AtLocation	luggage store
bag	AtLocation	grocery store
bag	AtLocation	ship
bag	AtLocation	cabinet
bag	AtLocation	bookstore
bag	IsA	container commonly
bag	AtLocation	bed
bag	AtLocation	mail box
bag	AtLocation	desk
bag	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
bag	AtLocation	shelf
bag	AtLocation	market
bag	IsA	container
bag	IsA	satchel
zucchini	AtLocation	farmer market
zucchini	IsA	domesticate plant
zucchini	IsA	vegetable
zoo keeper	AtLocation	zoo
courtroom	AtLocation	courthouse
courtroom	AtLocation	lawyer
courtroom	AtLocation	judge
jesus	IsA	jew
jesus	IsA	mythological hero
jesus	IsA	person
jesus	IsA	king and shepard
jesus	IsA	human be
jesus	IsA	religious radical 2000 year ago
jesus	IsA	itinerant preacher long ago
jesus	IsA	moral philosopher
jesus	IsA	good teacher
jesus	IsA	good man
jesus	IsA	middle-eastern dissident
column	AtLocation	magazine
column	AtLocation	athens
column	AtLocation	newspaper
adjustable wrench	IsA	very useful tool
adjustable wrench	IsA	useful tool
sideboard	AtLocation	dine room
sideboard	AtLocation	room
sideboard	IsA	typically
classify ad	AtLocation	newspaper
novel	AtLocation	library
novel	AtLocation	shelf
novel	IsA	book
novel	IsA	story
many religion	AtLocation	world
gold	IsA	precious metal
gold	AtLocation	fort knox
gold	IsA	soft metal
gold	IsA	valuable metal
gold	IsA	expensive metal
gold	AtLocation	tooth
gold	IsA	heavy metal
gold	IsA	soft metal often
gold	IsA	very maliable
gold	IsA	asseyed use this device
gold	AtLocation	treasure chest
gold	IsA	metal
hiker	AtLocation	forest
footprint	AtLocation	suface of moon
footprint	AtLocation	rug
footprint	AtLocation	grind
footprint	AtLocation	beach
solvent	IsA	water
fisherman	AtLocation	boat
fisherman	AtLocation	any ocean
fisherman	AtLocation	sea
fisherman	IsA	human
fisherman	IsA	person who hunt for fish
grenade	AtLocation	battle
grenade	AtLocation	war
grenade	IsA	bomb
blowdryer	AtLocation	bathroom
blowdryer	AtLocation	dress room
dolphin	AtLocation	aquarium
dolphin	AtLocation	pacific ocean
dolphin	AtLocation	zoo
dolphin	IsA	carnivore
dolphin	IsA	animal
dolphin	AtLocation	water
dolphin	IsA	mammal
ranch house	AtLocation	texas
ranch house	AtLocation	ranch
ranch house	AtLocation	subdivision
keepsake	AtLocation	trunk
keepsake	AtLocation	box
t-shirt	IsA	piece of clothe
t-shirt	AtLocation	t-shirt drawer
t-shirt	AtLocation	dresser drawer
t-shirt	AtLocation	tourist shop
t-shirt	AtLocation	concert
t-shirt	IsA	clothe
t-shirt	AtLocation	souvenir shop
t-shirt	AtLocation	chest of drawer
t-shirt	AtLocation	department store
t-shirt	AtLocation	laundry
t-shirt	AtLocation	closet
reader	AtLocation	book
reader	AtLocation	library
rock chair	AtLocation	baby nursery
rock chair	IsA	commonly
tartar control toothpaste	AtLocation	corner market
diner	AtLocation	town
diner	AtLocation	diner
diner	IsA	good place to get pie
diner	AtLocation	counter
prayer	IsA	attempt communication with supernatural be
prayer	IsA	form of meditation
prayer	AtLocation	cathedral
prayer	AtLocation	church
doorway	AtLocation	build
doorway	AtLocation	any large city
doorway	AtLocation	casino
doorway	AtLocation	library
doorway	AtLocation	room
tire	IsA	part of car
tire	AtLocation	car show
tire	IsA	round so
tire	AtLocation	trunk
holland	IsA	country in europe
holland	IsA	call netherlands
holland	AtLocation	windmill
holland	IsA	country
comet	IsA	like dirty snowball
comet	IsA	ball of ice and rock
comet	AtLocation	in our solar system
comet	AtLocation	outerspace
comet	AtLocation	predawn sky
comet	AtLocation	universe
comet	AtLocation	space
quill	IsA	write instrument
quill	IsA	feather
maryland	IsA	state
pot plant	AtLocation	windowsill
divider	AtLocation	notebook
banjo	IsA	musical instrument
banjo	IsA	guitar-like musical instrument
banjo	AtLocation	banjo case
banjo	AtLocation	banjo player hand
banjo	AtLocation	country band
banjo	AtLocation	unite state
banjo	IsA	easy to play than guitar
banjo	IsA	string instrument often
banjo	IsA	string instrument
postmaster	AtLocation	post office
french horn	IsA	instrument
french horn	AtLocation	music class
french horn	AtLocation	music store
french horn	IsA	difficult instrument to play well
french horn	IsA	brass instrument
french horn	AtLocation	france
french horn	IsA	musical instrument
transit ticket	AtLocation	subway
transit ticket	AtLocation	city
transit ticket	AtLocation	purse
transit ticket	AtLocation	train station
transit ticket	AtLocation	airport
transit ticket	AtLocation	your wallet
transit ticket	AtLocation	your pocket
transit ticket	AtLocation	bus station
transit ticket	AtLocation	bus stop
strip mall	AtLocation	city
strip mall	AtLocation	suburb
something you find downtown	IsA	build
something you find downtown	IsA	office
something you find downtown	IsA	skyscraper
something you find downtown	IsA	taxi
something you find downtown	IsA	business
something you find downtown	IsA	restaurant
something you find downtown	IsA	tall build
something you find downtown	IsA	store
something you find downtown	IsA	traffic
something you find downtown	IsA	person
something you find downtown	IsA	coffee shop
something you find downtown	IsA	hotel
something you find downtown	IsA	shopper
something you find downtown	IsA	band
bible	AtLocation	motel
bible	AtLocation	hotel
bible	AtLocation	at hotel
bible	IsA	religious book
bible	AtLocation	in church
bible	AtLocation	at church
bible	IsA	book
shadow	AtLocation	grind
shadow	AtLocation	you
shadow	AtLocation	suface of moon
shadow	IsA	common outdoors
shadow	AtLocation	bridge
gay	IsA	slang term for homosexual
gay	AtLocation	on certain street
couch	IsA	usually
couch	AtLocation	at home
couch	AtLocation	house
couch	AtLocation	your house
couch	AtLocation	in live room
couch	AtLocation	door
couch	IsA	piece of furniture
couch	AtLocation	neighbor house
couch	IsA	comfortable piece of furniture
couch	IsA	normally
contraceptive device	AtLocation	bedroom
contraceptive device	AtLocation	woman vagina
contraceptive device	AtLocation	gynecologist office
contraceptive device	AtLocation	vagina
contraceptive device	AtLocation	drug store
turkey	IsA	name of country
turkey	IsA	country
turkey	IsA	bird
lobster	AtLocation	water
lobster	IsA	seafood
lobster	AtLocation	ocean
lobster	IsA	food
lobster	IsA	crustacean
my family	AtLocation	your house
beach ball	AtLocation	beach
pawn in game	AtLocation	chess
solar panel	AtLocation	roof
candle	AtLocation	table
candle	AtLocation	birthday cake
candle	AtLocation	church
candle	AtLocation	store that sell candle
candle	AtLocation	house
candle	AtLocation	kitchen
candle	AtLocation	in church
candle	AtLocation	home
candle	AtLocation	store
candle	AtLocation	room
candle	AtLocation	dark
bus station	AtLocation	city
bus station	AtLocation	railway station
bus station	AtLocation	city centre
skycap	AtLocation	airport
sick person	AtLocation	hospital
sick person	AtLocation	er be
sink ship	AtLocation	bottom of sea
driftwood	AtLocation	sea
driftwood	AtLocation	beach
pond	AtLocation	park
pond	IsA	body of water
pond	AtLocation	forest
pond	AtLocation	grind
pond	AtLocation	country
pond	AtLocation	frog
pond	AtLocation	fish
pond	AtLocation	water
pond	AtLocation	duck
groucho marx	IsA	famous comedian
groucho marx	IsA	comedian
groucho marx	IsA	funny man
groucho marx	IsA	american cultural icon
groucho marx	IsA	entertainer
groucho marx	IsA	great comedy actor
groucho marx	IsA	very funny man
phillips screwdriver	AtLocation	toolbox
phillips screwdriver	AtLocation	tool chest
phillips screwdriver	AtLocation	tool box
phillips screwdriver	AtLocation	hardware store
phillips screwdriver	AtLocation	workshop
phillips screwdriver	AtLocation	tool drawer
365 day	AtLocation	regular calender year
visa	IsA	credit card
visa	IsA	credit card company
men	IsA	strong than woman
men	IsA	tall than woman
men	IsA	big and strong than woman
men	IsA	mammal
men	AtLocation	bar
men	AtLocation	woman
men	AtLocation	fraternity house
men	IsA	cross bridge
men	IsA	strong than most woman
men	IsA	strong and big than woman
men	AtLocation	suit watch play
old magazine	AtLocation	dentist
artifact	AtLocation	at museum
artifact	AtLocation	archeological digsite
snore	IsA	thing you do when you sleep
story	AtLocation	newspaper
story	IsA	clever inventory of observation
story	AtLocation	someone past
story	IsA	tale
story	IsA	narrative
story	IsA	fable
story	IsA	novel
stage door	AtLocation	theatre
hair clip	AtLocation	drug store
hair clip	AtLocation	beauty salon
hair clip	AtLocation	someone hair
hair clip	AtLocation	a
calendar pad	AtLocation	office
calendar pad	AtLocation	office supply store
calendar pad	AtLocation	office build
calendar pad	AtLocation	ceo office on his her desk
bogeyman	AtLocation	bed
pot of gold	AtLocation	rainbow
driveway	AtLocation	neighborhood
driveway	AtLocation	front of house
driveway	AtLocation	suburb
driveway	AtLocation	yard
driveway	AtLocation	front of your house
driveway	AtLocation	city
gazelle	AtLocation	africa plain
gazelle	AtLocation	wildlife refuge
gazelle	AtLocation	forest
gazelle	AtLocation	zoo
gazelle	AtLocation	plain
gazelle	AtLocation	savana
gazelle	AtLocation	open plain
gazelle	AtLocation	asia
gazelle	AtLocation	savanah
gazelle	AtLocation	svanna
gazelle	AtLocation	prarie
gazelle	AtLocation	biology book
gazelle	AtLocation	television program
gazelle	AtLocation	african savanah
gazelle	AtLocation	grassland of africa
gazelle	AtLocation	sergeneti plain
gazelle	AtLocation	eastern hemisphere
gazelle	AtLocation	mammal family
gazelle	AtLocation	herd
gazelle	AtLocation	sight of hunter gun
gazelle	AtLocation	steppe
gazelle	AtLocation	ivory coast
gazelle	AtLocation	african savannah
gazelle	AtLocation	sudan
gazelle	AtLocation	africa on plain
gazelle	AtLocation	belly of lion
gazelle	AtLocation	game preserve
gazelle	AtLocation	great outdoors
gazelle	AtLocation	nature conservatory
gazelle	AtLocation	park
gazelle	AtLocation	wild
gazelle	IsA	animal
wax dental floss	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
wax dental floss	AtLocation	bathroom
wax dental floss	AtLocation	master bathroom
wax dental floss	AtLocation	chemist
string bass	AtLocation	orchestra
string bass	AtLocation	music shop
string bass	IsA	musical instrument
string bass	AtLocation	jazz show
string bass	AtLocation	string quartet
ticket	AtLocation	train station
ticket	AtLocation	opera
ticket	AtLocation	your pocket
ticket	AtLocation	your wallet
ticket	AtLocation	train
ticket	AtLocation	movie
clothe hanger	AtLocation	closet
watch television	IsA	popular entertainment form
dodo	IsA	bird
eat vegetable	IsA	way to eat right
nobody	AtLocation	hell
nobody	AtLocation	mythical place call heaven
nobody	AtLocation	heaven
nobody	AtLocation	hell because hell doe not exist
nobody	AtLocation	heaven because heaven doe not exist
traveler	AtLocation	bus depot
traveler	AtLocation	airport
traveler	AtLocation	bus terminal
traveler	AtLocation	train depot
letter slot	AtLocation	post office
letter slot	AtLocation	mailbox
neighborhood map	AtLocation	city hall
drug	AtLocation	venes
drug	AtLocation	dealer appartement
drug	AtLocation	bottle
drug	AtLocation	school
drug	AtLocation	concert
drug	AtLocation	iv
drug	IsA	fun
drug	AtLocation	my vein
drug	IsA	pill
drug	IsA	heroin
drug	IsA	cocaine
drug	IsA	marijuana
drug	IsA	lsd
radio	IsA	communication device
radio	AtLocation	space shuttle
radio	AtLocation	every car and house
radio	IsA	audible media
radio	AtLocation	in aircraft
radio	AtLocation	office
radio	AtLocation	garage
radio	IsA	retangular and black
radio	AtLocation	shop
radio	AtLocation	song
radio	AtLocation	voice
gum	AtLocation	table
gum	AtLocation	movie
gum	AtLocation	underside of desk
gum	AtLocation	water fountain
gum	AtLocation	sidewalk
leader	AtLocation	army
leader	AtLocation	country
leader	IsA	president
ottoman	AtLocation	furniture store
ottoman	AtLocation	chair
credit card wallet	AtLocation	purse
credit card wallet	AtLocation	woman purse
credit card wallet	AtLocation	someone pocket
credit card wallet	AtLocation	my pant
credit card wallet	AtLocation	your purse
catwalk	IsA	narrow walkway
catwalk	AtLocation	factory
catwalk	AtLocation	fashion show
catwalk	AtLocation	construction site
catwalk	AtLocation	fieldhouse
catwalk	AtLocation	theater
cotton	IsA	natural fiber
cotton	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
cotton	IsA	fiber from plant
cotton	AtLocation	cotton field
cotton	AtLocation	georgia
cotton	IsA	natural fabric
cotton	IsA	plant
can food	AtLocation	shelf
can food	AtLocation	grocery store
can food	AtLocation	cupboard
can food	AtLocation	cabinet
can food	AtLocation	cellar
can food	AtLocation	pantry
tomato	AtLocation	refrigerator
tomato	IsA	fruit not vegetable
tomato	AtLocation	market
tomato	AtLocation	farmer market
tomato	IsA	domesticate plant
tomato	IsA	vegetarian food
tomato	IsA	food
tomato	IsA	fruit
tomato	AtLocation	pizza
tomato	IsA	vegetable
calculator	AtLocation	desk
calculator	AtLocation	purse
calculator	AtLocation	wristwatch
calculator	AtLocation	desktop
calculator	AtLocation	accountant table
calculator	AtLocation	office
calculator	AtLocation	desk drawer
calculator	AtLocation	number
calculator	IsA	machine
police officer	IsA	human
police officer	AtLocation	beat
police officer	AtLocation	police station
police officer	AtLocation	city
police officer	IsA	peace officer
moon rock	AtLocation	moon
moon rock	AtLocation	suface of moon
usher	AtLocation	at wed
usher	AtLocation	theater
usher	AtLocation	movie
usher	AtLocation	show
bazaar	AtLocation	aisa
bazaar	AtLocation	asia
bazaar	IsA	marketplace
bazaar	AtLocation	india
food store	AtLocation	city
food store	AtLocation	shop center
food store	IsA	place to buy food
food store	AtLocation	large city
food store	AtLocation	new york
food store	AtLocation	mall
coin	IsA	small metal disk
coin	AtLocation	wish well
coin	AtLocation	bank
coin	AtLocation	grind
coin	AtLocation	desk
coin	AtLocation	pocket
coin	AtLocation	your pocket
coin	AtLocation	water fountain
coin	AtLocation	candy machine
coin	AtLocation	back of sofa
coin	IsA	metal disc
coin	AtLocation	jar
coin	AtLocation	couch cushion
coin	AtLocation	casino
coin	AtLocation	table
coin	AtLocation	your desk drawer
coin	AtLocation	mommy purse
coin	IsA	sometimes
coin	AtLocation	change purse
coin	IsA	dense than dollar bill
coin	AtLocation	penny roll
coin	IsA	money
coin	AtLocation	purse
mouse in wall	AtLocation	house
eat place	AtLocation	city
eat place	AtLocation	shop area
eat place	AtLocation	restaurant
eat place	AtLocation	hotel
eat place	AtLocation	build
eat place	AtLocation	new york
song	IsA	composition of music
song	AtLocation	napster
song	AtLocation	jukebox
song	AtLocation	ice cream
song	AtLocation	kazaa as mp3
song	AtLocation	your lip
song	IsA	integral part of human culture
song	AtLocation	radio
song	AtLocation	voice
song	IsA	music
exam table	AtLocation	doctor office
exam table	AtLocation	classroom
exam table	IsA	table where person be examed
exam table	AtLocation	university
exam table	AtLocation	class
loose change	AtLocation	pocket
loose change	AtLocation	back of sofa
loose change	AtLocation	cushion of sofa
loose change	AtLocation	bottom of your purse
russian	IsA	human language
russian	IsA	language
citizen	AtLocation	country
stereo	IsA	expensive investment
stereo	AtLocation	car
two person	IsA	exercise
two person	IsA	ski
two person	IsA	climb rock
two person	IsA	climb some rock
two person	IsA	make observation through binoculars
two person	IsA	do aerobics
two person	IsA	hug near wooden cross
two person	IsA	exercise by run in place
two person	AtLocation	hilltop admire cosmos
two person	IsA	watch television
two person	IsA	hug near cross
two person	IsA	ride horse on mountain trail
two person	IsA	lie down on floor talk
two person	IsA	play basketball
two person	IsA	hug behind wooden cross
two person	IsA	cry by someone grave
two person	IsA	dance
ketchup	AtLocation	refridgerator
ketchup	AtLocation	fridge
ketchup	IsA	not blood
hobo	AtLocation	bridge
hobo	IsA	always
loft	AtLocation	soho
loft	AtLocation	bed
loft	AtLocation	home
loft	AtLocation	hay
loft	AtLocation	city
supermarket	IsA	place
supermarket	AtLocation	city
supermarket	IsA	large food store
supermarket	IsA	not
supermarket	AtLocation	any large city
supermarket	AtLocation	strip mall
supermarket	AtLocation	produce
supermarket	AtLocation	food
supermarket	AtLocation	grocery
supermarket	AtLocation	aisle
supermarket	AtLocation	money
backyard	AtLocation	country
backyard	IsA	great place for garden
backyard	AtLocation	pool
backyard	AtLocation	dog
backyard	AtLocation	lawn
backyard	AtLocation	bbq
backyard	AtLocation	grill
backyard	AtLocation	tree
backyard	AtLocation	garden
backyard	AtLocation	house
woodwind	IsA	wind instrument
woodwind	AtLocation	music store
woodwind	IsA	musical instrument
woodwind	AtLocation	band
woodwind	IsA	oboe
woodwind	IsA	instrument
woodwind	IsA	flute
elevator	AtLocation	build
elevator	AtLocation	at hotel
elevator	AtLocation	in department store
elevator	AtLocation	mall
projector	AtLocation	movie
straw	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
fast food chain	AtLocation	city
fast food chain	AtLocation	every city
fast food chain	AtLocation	beijing
fast food chain	AtLocation	town
fast food chain	IsA	capitalist conglomerate
pail	AtLocation	playpen
pail	AtLocation	hardware store
pail	AtLocation	barn
pail	AtLocation	garage
pail	AtLocation	store
pail	IsA	bucket
bean	AtLocation	field
bean	AtLocation	food store
bean	AtLocation	jar
bean	IsA	domesticate plant
bean	AtLocation	soup
bean	IsA	vegetable
bean	AtLocation	can
nitrogen	AtLocation	air
teddy bear	AtLocation	toy store
teddy bear	AtLocation	shelf
something you find underground	IsA	worm
something you find underground	IsA	earthworm
something you find underground	IsA	mole
something you find underground	IsA	cave
something you find underground	IsA	tunnel
something you find underground	IsA	root
something you find underground	IsA	bacteria
something you find underground	IsA	metro
something you find underground	IsA	carrot
something you find underground	IsA	basement
something you find underground	IsA	decay body
something you find underground	IsA	root of plant
something you find underground	IsA	ore
name	AtLocation	phone book
name	AtLocation	directory
name	IsA	easy way of identifiying someone
name	AtLocation	certificate
paper page	AtLocation	magazine
paper page	AtLocation	notebook
paper page	AtLocation	newspaper
paper page	AtLocation	book
poison ivy	IsA	plant
poison ivy	IsA	dangerous plant
poison ivy	AtLocation	forest
poison ivy	IsA	poisonous plant
poison ivy	AtLocation	wood
poison ivy	AtLocation	park
police car	AtLocation	roadblock
dandruff shampoo	AtLocation	pharmacy
dandruff shampoo	AtLocation	bathroom
dandruff shampoo	AtLocation	shower
dandruff shampoo	AtLocation	supermarket
dandruff shampoo	IsA	mostly hype
dandruff shampoo	AtLocation	house
cigarette	IsA	tobacco product
cigarette	AtLocation	gas station
cigarette	AtLocation	hand
cigarette	AtLocation	my hand
cigarette	AtLocation	tobacconist shop
cigarette	AtLocation	cigarette pack
rudder	AtLocation	boat
suitcase	AtLocation	cargo hold
suitcase	AtLocation	at airport
suitcase	AtLocation	on plane
suitcase	AtLocation	suit
manhole cover	AtLocation	street
finger	IsA	thumb
calendar book	AtLocation	my office
calendar book	AtLocation	briefcase
calendar book	AtLocation	stationer
calendar book	AtLocation	hallmark store
engineer	AtLocation	vacation
engineer	IsA	job
brie	IsA	cheese
ring binder	AtLocation	school
ring binder	AtLocation	backpack
pebble	AtLocation	grind
pebble	IsA	small rock
pebble	IsA	small than boulder
pebble	AtLocation	lake
pebble	AtLocation	pond
pebble	AtLocation	river
music stand	AtLocation	ochestra pit
music stand	AtLocation	band hall
problem	AtLocation	quandry
problem	IsA	puzzle
something you find inside	IsA	carpet
something you find inside	IsA	furniture
something you find inside	IsA	chair
something you find inside	IsA	person
something you find inside	IsA	television
something you find inside	IsA	indoor paint
something you find inside	IsA	bedroom
coffee mug	AtLocation	cupboard
coffee mug	AtLocation	shelf
coffee mug	AtLocation	desktop
coffee mug	AtLocation	kitchen
prostitute	AtLocation	street corner
prostitute	AtLocation	corner of two street
prostitute	AtLocation	jail
prostitute	AtLocation	whorehouse
prostitute	AtLocation	at street corner
prostitute	AtLocation	any large city
prostitute	IsA	occupation
prostitute	AtLocation	city
prostitute	AtLocation	crack house
prostitute	AtLocation	town
seafood restaurant	AtLocation	new york
seafood restaurant	AtLocation	harbor town
seafood restaurant	IsA	where person eat seafood
sound	IsA	vibration in air
sound	AtLocation	air
sound	AtLocation	concert hall
sound	AtLocation	movie
sound	AtLocation	band hall
sound	IsA	physical phenomenon
sound	IsA	pressure wave travel through air
sound	IsA	slow than light
sound	IsA	virbrations
sound	IsA	invisible wave
sound	AtLocation	theatre
sound	AtLocation	show
sound	AtLocation	opera
sound	AtLocation	theater
sound	AtLocation	song
sound	IsA	music
sound	IsA	thunder
sound	IsA	noise
pup	IsA	young dog
seattle	IsA	city in washington
seattle	AtLocation	rain
beverage	AtLocation	refrigerator
beverage	AtLocation	at bar
beverage	AtLocation	bottle
beverage	IsA	often
beverage	IsA	sometimes
beverage	AtLocation	fridge
beverage	IsA	coffee
beverage	IsA	beer
beverage	IsA	water
beverage	IsA	wine
beverage	AtLocation	restaurant
beverage	IsA	soda
beverage	IsA	coke
beverage	IsA	juice
beverage	IsA	tea
floppy disk	IsA	form of magnetic media
floppy disk	IsA	magnetic storage device
floppy disk	IsA	become outdated
floppy disk	IsA	encase in stiff sheath
floppy disk	IsA	primitive mean of data storage
floppy disk	AtLocation	computer museum
basket ball	IsA	sport
basket ball	IsA	popular sport in america
basket ball	IsA	fun sport
basket ball	IsA	popular sport
basket ball	IsA	team sport
basket ball	IsA	type of sport
basketball player	IsA	tall than average man
basketball player	IsA	tremendous athlete
basketball player	IsA	pay too much money
basketball player	IsA	very talented athlete
basketball player	IsA	move ball on court
rollercoasters	IsA	for thrill
rollercoasters	IsA	usually
rollercoasters	IsA	scarey
rollercoasters	IsA	fun and scary too
grill	AtLocation	back yard
grill	AtLocation	hardware store
grill	IsA	one way to cook meat
grill	IsA	good way too cook
grill	AtLocation	park
grill	AtLocation	garage
grill	AtLocation	neighbor house
grill	IsA	cook
grill	AtLocation	steak
car seat	AtLocation	car
station wagon	IsA	family car
station wagon	IsA	car
station wagon	IsA	mostly family car
bolt	IsA	piece of hardware
bolt	IsA	male and nut be female
dreadlock	IsA	hair style
dreadlock	IsA	hairstyle
dreadlock	IsA	long tight braid of hair
dreadlock	IsA	popular hairstyle with today youth
dreadlock	IsA	mat piece of hair
antique	AtLocation	attic
antique	IsA	old object
antique	AtLocation	thousand of dollar
antique	IsA	old item
electricity	AtLocation	build
electricity	IsA	very useful commodity
electricity	IsA	form of light
aunt	IsA	your parent sister
aunt	AtLocation	house
aunt	AtLocation	home
aunt	IsA	family relationship term
flu	IsA	type of virus
flu	IsA	virus
flu	IsA	disease
brothel	IsA	commercial sex establishment
piranha	IsA	meat eat fish
bottle of vodka	AtLocation	freezer
bottle of vodka	AtLocation	off-licence
arena	AtLocation	large city
debit card	AtLocation	wallet or purse
debit card	AtLocation	your purse
pool	AtLocation	back yard
pool	IsA	man make body of water
pool	AtLocation	florida
pool	IsA	game of skill
pool	AtLocation	neighbor house
pool	AtLocation	at hotel
pool	IsA	game involve billiard ball
pool	IsA	indoor game
pool	IsA	fun game
pool	AtLocation	big home
pool	IsA	popular game
pool	IsA	game
pool	AtLocation	water
metal	IsA	electrical conductor
metal	IsA	music style
metal	IsA	thermal and electrical conductor
metal	IsA	dense than wood
metal	IsA	heavy than wood
metal	IsA	cold than skin
metal	IsA	heavy than paper
metal	IsA	maluble
metal	AtLocation	solid state of matter
metal	IsA	bronze
metal	IsA	copper
metal	IsA	element
metal	IsA	iron
metal	IsA	nickel
metal	IsA	tin
metal	IsA	music
metal	IsA	gold
metal	IsA	steel
metal	IsA	silver
castanets	IsA	percussion instrument
castanets	AtLocation	musical show
castanets	AtLocation	flamenco dancer hand
castanets	AtLocation	spain
castanets	AtLocation	musician bag
film	IsA	medium
film	IsA	artistic expression
film	AtLocation	disneyland
film	IsA	on reel
film	IsA	medium for motion picture
water polo	IsA	sport
water polo	IsA	game
water polo	IsA	team sport
fire extinguisher	AtLocation	build
fire extinguisher	AtLocation	house
fire extinguisher	AtLocation	public build
fire extinguisher	AtLocation	office build
fire extinguisher	AtLocation	school bus
chess pawn	AtLocation	chess set
chess pawn	AtLocation	game store
chess pawn	AtLocation	strategic move
courthouse	AtLocation	city
courthouse	AtLocation	town
courthouse	AtLocation	capital city
farmland	AtLocation	country
farmland	AtLocation	midwest
farmland	AtLocation	florida
farmland	IsA	land
stage	AtLocation	concert hall
stage	AtLocation	opera
mexican restaurant	AtLocation	mexico
mexican restaurant	AtLocation	mexica
wallet	AtLocation	pouch
wallet	AtLocation	money
wallet	AtLocation	cash
wallet	AtLocation	pocket
baggage	AtLocation	train station
baggage	AtLocation	my room
baggage	AtLocation	airport carousel
baggage	AtLocation	airport
tortilla	AtLocation	supermarket
form	AtLocation	desk
delicatessen	AtLocation	any large city
delicatessen	AtLocation	shop
graphite pencil	AtLocation	school
graphite pencil	AtLocation	desk
winner	IsA	award trophy
hallway	AtLocation	build
hallway	AtLocation	office build
hallway	IsA	space
hallway	AtLocation	house
nerve	AtLocation	animal
nerve	AtLocation	brainstem
nerve	AtLocation	your fingertip
nerve	AtLocation	brain
outer space	IsA	place
outer space	IsA	vacuum
outer space	AtLocation	sky
outer space	IsA	concept
outer space	AtLocation	space
outer space	AtLocation	orbit
jockey	IsA	person that race and jump horse
jockey	IsA	very short human
jockey	IsA	very small person who ride horse
cellar	AtLocation	build
cellar	IsA	place
cellar	AtLocation	winery
cellar	AtLocation	food
cellar	IsA	house
teenager	AtLocation	high school
teenager	AtLocation	nightclub
teenager	AtLocation	city
teenager	AtLocation	drive-in movie
teenager	AtLocation	mall
duvet cover	AtLocation	house
card	AtLocation	casino
card	AtLocation	card game
card	IsA	amusement
card	IsA	all of heart suit
card	AtLocation	deck
card	AtLocation	table
hoist	AtLocation	ship hold
hoist	AtLocation	boathouse
hoist	AtLocation	auto repair garage
tuba	IsA	brass instrument
tuba	IsA	wind instrument
tuba	IsA	large musical instrument
tuba	IsA	musical instrument
tuba	AtLocation	orchestra
boredom	IsA	emotion
boredom	IsA	ennui
bass guitar	IsA	instrument
bed sheet	AtLocation	bed
bed sheet	AtLocation	closet
bed sheet	IsA	linen
bed sheet	AtLocation	linen closet
telephone book	AtLocation	telephone booth
telephone book	AtLocation	closet
telephone book	AtLocation	at hotel
telephone book	AtLocation	library
thunder	IsA	sound
thunder	IsA	noise
unite state of america	IsA	country
unite state of america	IsA	capitalist democratic federal republic
unite state of america	AtLocation	war
unite state of america	IsA	great country
plate	AtLocation	cabinet
plate	AtLocation	cafeteria
plate	AtLocation	on table
plate	AtLocation	in cupboard
plate	AtLocation	at dinner
plate	AtLocation	home
plate	AtLocation	on cabinet
plate	AtLocation	sink
plate	AtLocation	your pantry
plate	AtLocation	fridge
plate	AtLocation	kitchen
plate	IsA	dish
plate	AtLocation	food
plate	AtLocation	fork
plate	AtLocation	knife
land	AtLocation	stairwell
land	AtLocation	on earth
land	IsA	where boat
land	AtLocation	countryside
land	AtLocation	plane
land	IsA	island
land	AtLocation	country
land	AtLocation	ocean
double edge razor	AtLocation	bathroom
double edge razor	AtLocation	drug store
double edge razor	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
general store	AtLocation	town
general store	AtLocation	small town
general store	AtLocation	centre of town
beverage service	AtLocation	airplane
beverage service	AtLocation	cafe
drum	AtLocation	musician home
drum	AtLocation	symphony
drum	AtLocation	orchestra
drum	IsA	musical instrument
drum	IsA	music instrument
drum	AtLocation	march band
drum	AtLocation	trapset
drum	IsA	percussion instrument
drum	IsA	instrument
mirror	IsA	surface
mirror	AtLocation	car
mirror	AtLocation	purse
mirror	AtLocation	woman purse
mirror	AtLocation	house
mirror	AtLocation	in house
mirror	AtLocation	bedroom
mirror	AtLocation	reflection
bridge arch	AtLocation	major city
bishop	IsA	leader of church
bishop	AtLocation	church
paranoia	IsA	disturb think process
beanbag	AtLocation	childrens toy store
beanbag	AtLocation	toy box
beanbag	AtLocation	bedroom
beanbag	AtLocation	room
state highway	AtLocation	unite state
state highway	AtLocation	state
state highway	AtLocation	any state
state highway	AtLocation	rural area
doormat	AtLocation	front of door
doormat	AtLocation	florida
doormat	AtLocation	hallway
doormat	AtLocation	porch
doormat	AtLocation	front door
park zone	AtLocation	park lot
park zone	AtLocation	downtown street
park zone	AtLocation	road
park zone	AtLocation	street
ice cream	IsA	dessert
ice cream	IsA	dairy product
ice cream	IsA	often
ice cream	IsA	tasty treat
ice cream	IsA	freeze dairy treat
ice cream	IsA	good dessert item
ice cream	IsA	food
ice cream	AtLocation	movie
ice cream	IsA	popular desert top
ice cream	IsA	desert
ice cream	IsA	sometimes
ice cream	AtLocation	freezer
general ledger	AtLocation	bookkeeper office
general ledger	AtLocation	office
general ledger	AtLocation	accountant office
climb mountain	IsA	dangerous activity
sheet of paper	AtLocation	printer
sheet of paper	AtLocation	box
sheet of paper	AtLocation	office
writer	AtLocation	desk
writer	AtLocation	library
writer	AtLocation	newspaper office
reception desk	AtLocation	hotel
reception desk	AtLocation	office
reception desk	AtLocation	office park
lobby	AtLocation	office build
lobby	AtLocation	business plan
lobby	AtLocation	at at hotel
freezer	AtLocation	garage
freezer	AtLocation	kitchen
freezer	AtLocation	food
freezer	AtLocation	meat
freezer	IsA	appliance
freezer	AtLocation	ice
teaspoon	IsA	small than tablespoon
teaspoon	AtLocation	coffee cup
teaspoon	AtLocation	kitchen
serve trolley	AtLocation	restaurant
serve trolley	AtLocation	hotel
glass of water	AtLocation	table
glass of water	AtLocation	desk
glass of water	AtLocation	build
terrace	AtLocation	highrise apartment build
terrace	AtLocation	southern europe
terrace	AtLocation	build
terrace	AtLocation	architecture
terrace	AtLocation	house
subway	IsA	form of public transportation
subway	IsA	form of transportation
subway	IsA	train that run underground
subway	IsA	undergound train system
subway	IsA	railroad
subway	AtLocation	tokyo
gallery	AtLocation	london
gallery	AtLocation	downtown area
gallery	AtLocation	paris
gallery	AtLocation	downtown shop district
gallery	AtLocation	museum
pavement	AtLocation	england
pavement	AtLocation	city
lecture theatre	AtLocation	school
lecture theatre	AtLocation	college
tapestry	IsA	rug and picture
tapestry	AtLocation	castle
tapestry	AtLocation	art gallery
return ticket	AtLocation	airport
return ticket	AtLocation	airline envelope
return ticket	AtLocation	back your airline ticket
pocket notebook	AtLocation	pocket
pocket notebook	AtLocation	your pocket
pocket notebook	AtLocation	backpack
beanbag chair	AtLocation	live room
beanbag chair	AtLocation	front of television set
beanbag chair	AtLocation	room
beanbag chair	AtLocation	college dormitory room
self	IsA	illusion
trombone	IsA	musical instrument
trombone	IsA	wind instrument
trombone	IsA	brass instrument
trombone	AtLocation	march band
trombone	AtLocation	brass quartet
trombone	IsA	brass instrument often
trombone	AtLocation	school
trombone	IsA	musical instrument usually
trombone	AtLocation	orchestra
toothpaste	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
toothpaste	AtLocation	in drug store
toothpaste	AtLocation	drug store
toothpaste	AtLocation	suitcase
toothpaste	AtLocation	tube
toothpaste	AtLocation	bathroom
duvet	IsA	rarely
entrance	AtLocation	cave
entrance	AtLocation	front of house
tripod	AtLocation	camera store
tripod	IsA	device for stabilize camera
saturday	IsA	day
rhode island	IsA	state in america
rhode island	IsA	state
internet	IsA	network of communicate computer
internet	AtLocation	library
internet	IsA	great way to communicate
internet	IsA	collection of connect computer
internet	IsA	sum of several small network
internet	IsA	know as net
internet	IsA	amaze research tool
internet	AtLocation	state of consensus anarchy
internet	IsA	research project of darpa
internet	IsA	group of connect computer
internet	IsA	non-local
internet	IsA	big set of computer
internet	IsA	rich online source of information
internet	IsA	information source
internet	AtLocation	home
internet	AtLocation	office
internet	AtLocation	house
internet	AtLocation	school
internet	AtLocation	information
internet	AtLocation	website
internet	AtLocation	google
cell	AtLocation	membrane
cell	AtLocation	jail
policeman	AtLocation	police station
policeman	AtLocation	roadblock
policeman	AtLocation	donut shop
policeman	IsA	member of police force
policeman	AtLocation	scene of crime
policeman	IsA	career
policeman	IsA	public servant
policeman	AtLocation	crime scene
policeman	IsA	bully
policeman	AtLocation	doughnut shop
eatery	AtLocation	town
stick plaster	AtLocation	hospital
stick plaster	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
barber comb	AtLocation	barber shop
barber comb	AtLocation	barbershop
barber comb	AtLocation	barbershoop
barber comb	AtLocation	salon
barber comb	AtLocation	beauty salon
dustbin	AtLocation	kitchen
dustbin	AtLocation	utility closet
dustbin	IsA	another name for garbage can
sport equipment	AtLocation	school
sport equipment	AtLocation	mall
sport equipment	AtLocation	sear
sport equipment	IsA	big business
orchestra seat	AtLocation	orchestra
orchestra seat	AtLocation	auditorium
orchestra seat	AtLocation	theater
orchestra seat	AtLocation	theatre
typewriter ribbon	AtLocation	museum
separate shower	AtLocation	bathroom
separate shower	AtLocation	ensuite room
separate shower	AtLocation	public bathe area
snare drum	AtLocation	march band
snare drum	AtLocation	drum kit
snare drum	AtLocation	orchestra
snare drum	IsA	musical instrument
fold shower door	AtLocation	hardware store
fold shower door	AtLocation	bathroom
fold shower door	AtLocation	build supply store
card slot	AtLocation	atm machine
card slot	AtLocation	slot machine
flat	AtLocation	city
flat	AtLocation	car
flat	AtLocation	london
snowflake	AtLocation	winter
snowflake	IsA	tiny six side ice crystal
snowflake	AtLocation	snoiw
snowflake	IsA	freeze water crystal
baggage trunk	AtLocation	airport
baggage trunk	AtLocation	attic
baggage trunk	AtLocation	car
baggage trunk	AtLocation	train station
dollar	AtLocation	bank
dollar	AtLocation	pocket
dollar	IsA	unit of currency
dollar	AtLocation	purse
dollar	AtLocation	wallet
dollar	IsA	form of currency
dollar	IsA	unit of money
dollar	AtLocation	your pocket
dollar	IsA	form of money
dollar	AtLocation	piggy bank
dollar	IsA	unit of income
dollar	IsA	not euro
dollar	IsA	currency
dollar	IsA	money
index card	AtLocation	office
index card	AtLocation	library
index card	AtLocation	rolladex
index card	IsA	small piece of lightweight card
index card	AtLocation	index card box
interior area	AtLocation	house
interior area	AtLocation	enclosure
interior area	AtLocation	interior
interior area	AtLocation	airplane hangar
interior area	IsA	place
clothe store change room	AtLocation	mall
parlor	AtLocation	victorian house
parlor	IsA	room in your house
parlor	AtLocation	georgian house
parlor	AtLocation	house
tenor	AtLocation	jazz band
tenor	AtLocation	opera
tenor	AtLocation	choir
keyboard instrument	AtLocation	band
keyboard instrument	AtLocation	music store
keyboard instrument	AtLocation	orchestra
gift	AtLocation	gift shop
gift	AtLocation	party
gift	AtLocation	my birthday
gift	IsA	present
gift	AtLocation	box
sale	AtLocation	k-mart
sale	AtLocation	department store
sale	AtLocation	classify adverisements
sale	AtLocation	store or market
sale	AtLocation	store
theater hall	AtLocation	city
theater hall	AtLocation	university
theater hall	AtLocation	most city
theater hall	AtLocation	school
theater hall	AtLocation	big city
plumb	AtLocation	kitchen
plumb	AtLocation	house
plumb	AtLocation	bathroom
plumb	AtLocation	build
plumb	AtLocation	oil refinery
plumb	AtLocation	wall
plumb	AtLocation	chemical refinery
plumb	IsA	system
plumb	IsA	occupation
plumb	AtLocation	water fountain
plumb	IsA	profession
checkbook	AtLocation	purse
checkbook	AtLocation	my purse
checkbook	AtLocation	desk
checkbook	AtLocation	draw
checkbook	AtLocation	woman purse
stick of butter	AtLocation	fridge
paper menu	AtLocation	cheap restaurant
english channel	AtLocation	northern hemisphere
english channel	AtLocation	england
english channel	IsA	england and france
cartoon	IsA	often
cartoon	IsA	enjoy be child and adult
cartoon	IsA	picture
cartoon	IsA	art
cartoon	IsA	draw
cartoon	IsA	show
cartoon	IsA	popeye
cartoon	AtLocation	television
row house	AtLocation	city
row house	AtLocation	town
microphone boom	AtLocation	studio
microphone boom	AtLocation	televisison studio
microphone boom	AtLocation	television studio
microphone boom	AtLocation	record studio
microphone boom	IsA	loud sound
canal	IsA	water way
canal	AtLocation	arid or semi-desert area
canal	AtLocation	amsterdam
computer user	AtLocation	office
computer user	AtLocation	office build
computer user	AtLocation	internet cafe
computer user	AtLocation	his home
denim	AtLocation	jean factory
denim	AtLocation	pair of jean
denim	AtLocation	pant
denim	IsA	durable fabric
denim	IsA	sturdy fabric
denim	IsA	fabric
vampire	IsA	fictional monster
vampire	IsA	legendary creature that drink human blood
vampire	IsA	legend
vampire	IsA	fictional creature that drink blood
marijuana	AtLocation	amsterdam
marijuana	AtLocation	farmhouse
marijuana	IsA	drug
computer science	IsA	science
ipod	IsA	mp3 player
ipod	AtLocation	home
topology	IsA	math
arithmetic	IsA	multiplication
sport	IsA	good exercise
sport	IsA	recreational activity
sport	IsA	entertainment
sport	IsA	form of healthy exercise
sport	IsA	play recreationally and professionally
sport	IsA	organize aggression
sport	IsA	form of friendly competition
sport	IsA	for exercise and fun
sport	IsA	form of entertainment
sport	IsA	athletic game
sport	IsA	swim
sport	AtLocation	ball
sport	IsA	football
sport	IsA	tennis
sport	IsA	soccer
sport	IsA	rugby
peanut butter	AtLocation	container
peanut butter	AtLocation	supermarket
peanut butter	IsA	food
peanut butter	IsA	spread
peanut butter	AtLocation	pantry
peanut butter	AtLocation	cupboard
peanut butter	AtLocation	cabinet
peanut butter	AtLocation	store
peanut butter	AtLocation	refrigerator
peanut butter	AtLocation	fridge
peanut butter	AtLocation	grocery store
peanut butter	AtLocation	jar
nerd	AtLocation	comic convention
nerd	AtLocation	office
nerd	IsA	person
nerd	AtLocation	internet cafe
nerd	IsA	candy
date	AtLocation	drive-in movie
date	AtLocation	newspaper
sink	AtLocation	house
sink	AtLocation	kitchen or bathroom
sink	AtLocation	chemistry lab
sink	AtLocation	neighbor house
sink	AtLocation	in kitchen
sink	AtLocation	soap
sink	AtLocation	faucet
sink	AtLocation	kitchen
sink	AtLocation	water
jacket	IsA	short coat
jacket	AtLocation	closet
jacket	AtLocation	person
jacket	AtLocation	cold person
jacket	IsA	item of clothe to wear
stove	AtLocation	house
stove	AtLocation	community kitchen
stove	IsA	device
stove	AtLocation	oven
whore	AtLocation	motel
whore	AtLocation	whorehouse
whore	AtLocation	bedroom
whore	IsA	prostitute
tooth	AtLocation	my mouth
tooth	AtLocation	city
tooth	AtLocation	inside of your mouth
tooth	IsA	shiny when they go clink clink
tooth	IsA	white than snow
tooth	AtLocation	your mouth
tooth	AtLocation	cavity
great dane	IsA	dog
great dane	IsA	very large dog
great dane	IsA	large dog
great dane	IsA	big dog
aardvark	IsA	animal
aardvark	IsA	mammal
milky way	AtLocation	space
milky way	AtLocation	in space
polar bear	IsA	bear
polar bear	AtLocation	zoo
polar bear	AtLocation	in arctic
airplane	IsA	heavy than air
airplane	AtLocation	at airport
airplane	AtLocation	military base
airplane	IsA	large machine with wing
airplane	AtLocation	aircraft carrier
airplane	IsA	find unload passenger
airplane	AtLocation	city
airplane	AtLocation	in sky
airplane	IsA	fast transportation
airplane	IsA	use be wwii
airplane	AtLocation	town
airplane	IsA	form of transportation
airplane	AtLocation	air
airplane	AtLocation	pilot
airplane	AtLocation	sky
airplane	IsA	machine
grizzly bear	IsA	bear
grizzly bear	IsA	mammal
grizzly bear	IsA	dangerous animal
labrador retriever	IsA	dog
detergent	AtLocation	supermarket
detergent	AtLocation	store
detergent	AtLocation	wash machine
detergent	IsA	soap for clean your clothe
clam	AtLocation	bottom of sea
clam	IsA	mollusc
clam	IsA	mollusk
clam	IsA	seafood
new york	IsA	city
new york	IsA	city and state
new york	IsA	large citiy
new york	IsA	place
new york	IsA	in unite state
new york	IsA	both state and city
new york	IsA	state
toast	AtLocation	toaster
swing	AtLocation	at park
swing	AtLocation	in playground
swing	IsA	form of dance
swing	IsA	dance
swing	AtLocation	playground
swing	AtLocation	porch
swimmer	AtLocation	swim pool
swimmer	AtLocation	pool
swimmer	AtLocation	lake
swimmer	AtLocation	beach
aspirin	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
aspirin	IsA	cheap drug
aspirin	IsA	analgesic
worm	AtLocation	underground
worm	AtLocation	grind
worm	AtLocation	bottle of tequila
worm	AtLocation	forest
worm	IsA	animal
worm	AtLocation	garden
worm	AtLocation	earth
hinduism	IsA	religion
hinduism	IsA	polytheistic religion
hinduism	IsA	polytheistic
cotton candy	AtLocation	carnival
cotton candy	AtLocation	fairground
cotton candy	AtLocation	fair
vulture	IsA	big bird
vulture	IsA	scavenger
earwig	IsA	insect
linux journal	IsA	magazine
pink floyd	IsA	band
mosquito	AtLocation	top story of build
mosquito	IsA	bird
mosquito	AtLocation	air
mosquito	AtLocation	swamp
south africa	IsA	country
grouper	IsA	fish
stable	IsA	build
stable	IsA	home for horse
stable	AtLocation	horse
sheep	AtLocation	meadow
sheep	IsA	farm animal
sheep	IsA	animal
sheep	AtLocation	farm
sheep	AtLocation	wool
barnacle	IsA	crustacean
mink	IsA	mammal
gorilla	IsA	mammal
tapir	IsA	mammal
donkey	IsA	equine
argentina	IsA	country
argentina	IsA	in north america
curl	IsA	sport
sardine	IsA	fish
bee	AtLocation	swarm
bee	AtLocation	any garden
bee	AtLocation	honeysuckle vine
bee	AtLocation	sky
bee	AtLocation	apiary
bee	AtLocation	orchard
bee	AtLocation	garden pollinate flower
bee	AtLocation	biology book
bee	AtLocation	scalamandre fabric
bee	AtLocation	bee super
bee	AtLocation	pumpkin patch
bee	AtLocation	flower bed
bee	AtLocation	honeycomb
bee	AtLocation	zoo
bee	AtLocation	field of flower
bee	AtLocation	australia
bee	AtLocation	water
bee	AtLocation	flower blossom
bee	AtLocation	countryside
bee	AtLocation	great outdoors
bee	AtLocation	your soft drink
bee	AtLocation	field with many flower
bee	AtLocation	meadow
bee	AtLocation	beehive
bee	IsA	insect
ibis	IsA	bird
magenta	IsA	colour
magenta	IsA	color
cyan	IsA	colour
cyan	IsA	color
katana	IsA	sword
visual basic	IsA	program language
rat	AtLocation	cellar
rat	AtLocation	basement
rat	AtLocation	petstore
rat	AtLocation	in den
rat	AtLocation	alley
rat	AtLocation	subway tunnel
rat	IsA	mammal
rat	AtLocation	sewer
rat	IsA	mouse
rat	IsA	animal
neuron	IsA	cell
pearl	IsA	birth stone
pearl	AtLocation	oyster
pornography	AtLocation	home
pornography	AtLocation	petrol station
pornography	AtLocation	newsagency
pornography	AtLocation	sex shop
pornography	AtLocation	internet
father	IsA	male parent
father	AtLocation	living-room
father	IsA	celebrate while hold his daughter
father	IsA	man
tractor	AtLocation	farmer field
tractor	IsA	agricultural vehicle
tractor	IsA	vehical
tractor	AtLocation	barn
tractor	IsA	carry stack of sod
tractor	AtLocation	field
tractor	AtLocation	farm
belt	AtLocation	closet
belt	AtLocation	your waist
atom	AtLocation	nucleus
sandwich	AtLocation	lunchbox
sandwich	AtLocation	delicatessen
sandwich	IsA	meal commonly
sandwich	IsA	meal
baseball	IsA	spectator sport
baseball	IsA	america favorite pastime
baseball	IsA	popular sport
baseball	IsA	american pastime
baseball	IsA	team sport
baseball	AtLocation	park
baseball	AtLocation	sport good store
baseball	IsA	small than basketball
baseball	IsA	game that person play
baseball	IsA	american tradition
baseball	IsA	hobby
baseball	IsA	popular sport in america
baseball	IsA	good before all player
baseball	IsA	favourite sport of american
baseball	IsA	popular sport in north america
baseball	IsA	athletic sport
baseball	IsA	mind-numbing sport
baseball	IsA	consider unite state favorite pastime
baseball	IsA	popular sport in u.s
baseball	IsA	america unofficial national sport
baseball	IsA	fun game
baseball	IsA	all-american sport
baseball	IsA	america favorite sport
baseball	IsA	america favorite past-time
baseball	IsA	diminish in popularity
baseball	IsA	well-paid sport
baseball	IsA	consider quintessentially american
baseball	IsA	america national pasttime
baseball	IsA	wimpy sport
baseball	IsA	professional sport
baseball	IsA	stupid waste of time
baseball	IsA	game that human play
baseball	IsA	fun sport
baseball	IsA	once america favorite sport
baseball	IsA	sport
some flower	IsA	perennial
chalk	IsA	calcium carbonate
chalk	AtLocation	classroom
push pin	AtLocation	desk
push pin	IsA	good map marker
statue of liberty	IsA	in new york city
statue of liberty	IsA	gift from french
statue of liberty	IsA	international symbol of freedom
statue of liberty	IsA	in new york harbor
statue of liberty	IsA	present from france
statue of liberty	IsA	american icon
statue of liberty	IsA	gift to america from france
statue of liberty	IsA	french gift to unite state
statue of liberty	IsA	gift to u.s
statue of liberty	IsA	near manhattan
statue of liberty	IsA	in habor of new york city
statue of liberty	IsA	woman
statue of liberty	IsA	well recognise structure
statue of liberty	IsA	monument to human endevor
statue of liberty	IsA	in new york state
statue of liberty	IsA	gift from france
statue of liberty	IsA	in new york
many part	AtLocation	eye
many part	AtLocation	human eye
birthday cake	IsA	icon of popular culture
predator	IsA	important part of ecosystem
predator	IsA	animal
thomas jefferson	IsA	president of unite state
thomas jefferson	IsA	found father
thomas jefferson	IsA	noble man
thomas jefferson	IsA	great thinker
thomas jefferson	IsA	white dude
thomas jefferson	IsA	president long time ago
thomas jefferson	IsA	great man
thomas jefferson	IsA	presidant
thomas jefferson	IsA	slave owner
thomas jefferson	IsA	renouned architect
thomas jefferson	IsA	leader of our country
sod	IsA	grass
sod	IsA	square of grass
sod	IsA	form of grass
red white and blue	IsA	consider patriotic color in america
red white and blue	IsA	color
pottery	IsA	art form
pottery	IsA	hobby
pottery	IsA	form of art
pottery	IsA	common type of artifact
pottery	IsA	very ancient technology
bagel	AtLocation	breadbox
bagel	IsA	popular breakfast food
bagel	IsA	jewish food
bagel	AtLocation	bakery
bagel	IsA	for breakfast
bagel	IsA	good food
bagel	IsA	form of bread
bagel	IsA	confection of jewish ethnic origin
bagel	IsA	little slice of heaven
bagel	IsA	often
bagel	IsA	doughnut shape roll
bagel	IsA	bread
bagel	IsA	chewy
bagel	IsA	food
chair with wheel	IsA	easy to move
men and woman	AtLocation	city
men and woman	IsA	diiferent
men and woman	IsA	different sex
men and woman	IsA	on stage
rubber chicken	IsA	toy
rubber chicken	IsA	popular party gag
rubber chicken	IsA	comedy prop
rubber chicken	IsA	prop
rubber chicken	IsA	prop in many comedy routine
rubber chicken	IsA	novelty item
rubber chicken	IsA	somestimes
rubber chicken	IsA	classic schtick
rubber chicken	IsA	very popular toy in england
rubber chicken	IsA	prop use in comedy skit
rubber chicken	IsA	source of humor
goldfish	IsA	animal
goldfish	IsA	often
goldfish	IsA	popular pet
goldfish	IsA	good pet
goldfish	IsA	very small fish
goldfish	IsA	common aquatic pet
goldfish	IsA	fish
many type	AtLocation	office supply
many type	AtLocation	salt
many type	AtLocation	wild animal
many type	AtLocation	wild cat
many type	AtLocation	animal in africa
many type	AtLocation	horse
many type	AtLocation	music
this couple	IsA	dance
man home	IsA	his castle
many different type	AtLocation	cheese
many different type	AtLocation	government
many different type	AtLocation	corn
many different type	AtLocation	music
many different type	AtLocation	map
many different type	AtLocation	hat
many different type	AtLocation	jewelry
cruise	IsA	wonderful get-aways
cruise	IsA	vacation on boat
different type	AtLocation	apple
different type	AtLocation	see tooth for different application
different type	AtLocation	corn
different type	AtLocation	saw
different type	AtLocation	fruit
two horse	IsA	nuzzle each other
two horse	AtLocation	fence
two horse	AtLocation	field of mow grass
two horse	IsA	get ready to mate
two horse	AtLocation	road near evergreen tree
two horse	AtLocation	pasture
two horse	AtLocation	field
two horse	AtLocation	thin barbed-wire fence
two horse	AtLocation	forest
sailboat	IsA	vehicle
sailboat	IsA	race wind
sailboat	IsA	not person
sailboat	AtLocation	any ocean
sailboat	AtLocation	beach
sailboat	IsA	boat type
sailboat	IsA	yacht
man and woman	IsA	kiss
man and woman	IsA	dance
man and woman	IsA	get marry
man and woman	IsA	ski
man and woman	IsA	exercise
man and woman	IsA	get
man and woman	IsA	dance slowly
man and woman	AtLocation	formal dance
man and woman	IsA	sit together on couch
man and woman	AtLocation	bed
baseball player	IsA	athlete
baseball player	IsA	human
baseball player	IsA	over pay
baseball player	IsA	swinge wooden bat
baseball player	IsA	hit ball with bat
baseball player	IsA	swinge bat
baseball player	IsA	hit baseball
nine know planet	AtLocation	our solar system
bike	IsA	old invention
bike	AtLocation	in garage
bike	IsA	mean of transportation
bike	IsA	popular form of transportation
bike	IsA	sport
bike	IsA	environmentally friendly way to travel
bike	IsA	efficient mean of transportation
bike	IsA	easy way to travel
bike	AtLocation	seat
bike	IsA	bicycle
tire person	AtLocation	rest area
most person	IsA	carnivore
most person	IsA	heterosexual
persian	IsA	cat
persian	IsA	breed of cat
persian	IsA	language
leave	AtLocation	street
leave	AtLocation	roof
leave	AtLocation	park
leave	IsA	part of ivy plant
leave	IsA	green and contain chlorophyl
leave	IsA	most time green
leave	IsA	plant
leave	AtLocation	several different type of plant
leave	AtLocation	tree
sofabed	AtLocation	live room
equestrian	IsA	sport
equestrian	IsA	person who interact with horse
equestrian	IsA	olympic sport
space junk	AtLocation	orbit
space junk	AtLocation	space
space junk	IsA	satellite debris
space junk	AtLocation	outer space
space junk	AtLocation	orbit around earth
space junk	AtLocation	low earth orbit
chicken egg	IsA	egg
chicken egg	IsA	very popular food item
chicken egg	IsA	good source of proteinn
hen	IsA	chicken
play dart	IsA	hobby
leave over	AtLocation	fridge
theater box	AtLocation	theatre
theater box	AtLocation	theater
clerk	AtLocation	post office
clerk	AtLocation	at hotel
bottom	AtLocation	ocean in ocean
bottom	AtLocation	ocean in gift shop
not on earth	AtLocation	orbit
decision	AtLocation	fork in road
dirty clothe	AtLocation	hamper
build	AtLocation	university
build	IsA	artificial structure
build	IsA	where person live and work
build	IsA	much big than person
build	IsA	in town
build	AtLocation	urban area
build	AtLocation	town
build	AtLocation	city
build	AtLocation	wall
build	AtLocation	business
aid	IsA	virus
aid	IsA	disease
eifel tower	IsA	in paris
eifel tower	IsA	in paris france
eifel tower	IsA	phallus
bill clinton	IsA	president of unite state
bill clinton	AtLocation	televise event
bill clinton	IsA	person
bill clinton	IsA	liar
bill clinton	IsA	saxophonist
bill clinton	IsA	popular president
bill clinton	IsA	terrible president
bill clinton	IsA	lie to retard person
bill clinton	IsA	shake hand in crowd
bill clinton	IsA	shake hand with person
bill clinton	IsA	greet person
green apple	IsA	not as tasty look
helium	IsA	light than air
helium	IsA	noble gas
helium	AtLocation	atmosphere
helium	IsA	light than normal atmospheric air
helium	AtLocation	moon
helium	IsA	element
helium	AtLocation	sun
emerald	IsA	precious stone
emerald	IsA	stone
heater	AtLocation	house
tongue	AtLocation	in your mouth
tongue	AtLocation	your cheek
tongue	IsA	commonly
tongue	IsA	part of bell
tongue	AtLocation	your mouth
fifty state	AtLocation	unite state of america
fifty state	AtLocation	unite state
cash	AtLocation	purse
cash	IsA	another name for paper money
cash	AtLocation	cash register
cash	IsA	another word for money
cash	AtLocation	bank
cash	AtLocation	wallet
bowl ball	AtLocation	bowl alley
bowl ball	IsA	ball
bowl ball	AtLocation	at bowl alley
bowl ball	AtLocation	bowl ball bag
taxi	AtLocation	airport
taxi	AtLocation	train station
taxi	IsA	form of transportation
taxi	AtLocation	hotel
taxi	AtLocation	town
taxi	IsA	car
taxi	AtLocation	city
shop mall	IsA	place to buy thing
shop mall	AtLocation	downtown
shop mall	AtLocation	suburb
shop mall	IsA	depress place
shop mall	AtLocation	highway
rat and rabbit	IsA	both animal
thirsty person	AtLocation	water fountain
pirate	IsA	criminal
pirate	AtLocation	somalia
vehicle	AtLocation	street
vehicle	IsA	machine
vehicle	AtLocation	garage
vehicle	AtLocation	corner of two street
vehicle	AtLocation	city
vehicle	AtLocation	freeway
vehicle	AtLocation	junk yard
vehicle	IsA	plane
vehicle	IsA	boat
vehicle	IsA	car
vehicle	IsA	van
vehicle	IsA	bus
vehicle	IsA	bicycle
flag	IsA	national symbol
flag	IsA	symbol of sovereign nation
flag	AtLocation	mountain
flag	IsA	tribal symbol
flag	IsA	cloth symbol of country
flag	IsA	symbol of nation or state
flag	IsA	important symbol
flag	IsA	patriotic symbol of nation
flag	IsA	rally point for warmonger
flag	IsA	part of pirate ship
flag	AtLocation	country
flag	AtLocation	flagpole
flag	IsA	symbol
cobra	IsA	venomous snake
skateboard	IsA	toy
salt and pepper shaker	AtLocation	table
police	IsA	job
police	AtLocation	donut shop
police	AtLocation	city
26 letter	AtLocation	english language
26 letter	AtLocation	english alphabet
main artery	AtLocation	body
main artery	AtLocation	your neck
main artery	AtLocation	body of animal
main artery	AtLocation	torso
main artery	AtLocation	cirulatory system
main artery	AtLocation	organism with heart
main artery	AtLocation	person chest
monster	AtLocation	your bed
monster	AtLocation	under bed
monster	AtLocation	mythology
group	IsA	collection of thing
group	IsA	set
change tire	IsA	hard work
change tire	IsA	backbreaking work
change tire	IsA	dirty work
change tire	IsA	necessary skill for mechanic
change tire	IsA	strenuous work
janitor	AtLocation	school
symphony hall	AtLocation	city
symphony hall	AtLocation	chicago
symphony hall	IsA	where orchestra play
symphony hall	AtLocation	large city
symphony hall	AtLocation	city downtown
symphony hall	AtLocation	auditorium
vodka	AtLocation	bar
vodka	IsA	smirnoff
vodka	IsA	alcohol
epoxy	IsA	glue
cat and hamster	IsA	both pet
artist	AtLocation	gallery open
artist	AtLocation	disneyland
artist	AtLocation	art show
energy	IsA	issue
energy	IsA	property
energy	IsA	what make this light bulb work
energy	IsA	wind
energy	AtLocation	food
energy	IsA	matter
spiral bind	AtLocation	notebook
spiral bind	AtLocation	book
medicine	AtLocation	pharmacy or medicine cabinet
medicine	AtLocation	in medicine cabinet
medicine	AtLocation	drug store
medicine	AtLocation	bathroom
medicine	IsA	both art and profession
medicine	IsA	often
medicine	AtLocation	doctor
medicine	AtLocation	hospital
medicine	AtLocation	cabinet
effiel tower	IsA	in paris
idaho	IsA	state
illinois	IsA	state
three	IsA	company too
three	IsA	two less than five
minnesota	IsA	state
scissor	AtLocation	desk
scissor	AtLocation	your desk drawer
scissor	AtLocation	office build
scissor	AtLocation	cabinet
scissor	AtLocation	school
scissor	AtLocation	store
scissor	AtLocation	university
scissor	IsA	stationary
scissor	AtLocation	at my desk
paper clip	AtLocation	your desk drawer
paper clip	AtLocation	drawer
paper clip	IsA	paper fastener
paper clip	AtLocation	office supply store
paper clip	AtLocation	desk drawer
paper clip	AtLocation	cabinet
paper clip	AtLocation	file folder
paper clip	IsA	find in or on desk
paper clip	AtLocation	classroom
paper clip	AtLocation	hospital
paper clip	AtLocation	desk
dartboard	IsA	target for dart
dartboard	IsA	usually
write instrument	AtLocation	stationery store
write instrument	AtLocation	drawer
write instrument	AtLocation	office
write instrument	AtLocation	school
write instrument	AtLocation	office supply store
soundstage	AtLocation	movie studio
bin	IsA	convenient place to put rubbish
bin	IsA	box without lid
bin	IsA	container
truth	IsA	out there
truth	IsA	strange than fiction
truth	AtLocation	bible
garlic	IsA	popular ingredient
garlic	IsA	ingredient in sauce
garlic	AtLocation	kitchen
garlic	IsA	herb often
garlic	AtLocation	cupboard
garlic	AtLocation	restaurant
floorboard	AtLocation	closet
swiss army knife	IsA	practical tool
swiss army knife	IsA	very useful tool
swiss army knife	IsA	useful tool
swiss army knife	IsA	multi-purpose tool
swiss army knife	AtLocation	wide usage in america
herb	AtLocation	forest
hair salon	AtLocation	metropolitan city
beijing	IsA	in china
beijing	IsA	place
beijing	IsA	city
something you find outside	IsA	rain
something you find outside	IsA	car
something you find outside	IsA	grass
something you find outside	IsA	weather
something you find outside	IsA	road
something you find outside	IsA	fresh air
something you find outside	IsA	wind
something you find outside	IsA	tree
basketball court	AtLocation	high school gymnasium
basketball court	AtLocation	city
basketball court	AtLocation	school
telephone kiosk	AtLocation	any large city
telephone kiosk	AtLocation	street corner
kiwi	IsA	animal
kiwi	IsA	bird
sermon	AtLocation	church
burglar	AtLocation	jail
tropical fish	AtLocation	aquarium
tropical fish	IsA	fish
tropical fish	AtLocation	freshwater tank
shower	AtLocation	locker room
shower	IsA	rain
shower	AtLocation	water
leaf	AtLocation	forrest
leaf	IsA	part of tree
toronto	IsA	in canada
montreal	IsA	in canada
montreal	IsA	city
humor	IsA	what make person laugh
humor	IsA	that undefinable thing
humor	IsA	derisive
case	AtLocation	beer in refrigerator
tennis court	AtLocation	park
tennis court	IsA	where person play tennis
tennis court	AtLocation	athletic club
tennis court	AtLocation	wimbledon
tennis court	AtLocation	country club
tennis court	AtLocation	college campus
salesman	AtLocation	front door
salesman	AtLocation	town
salesman	AtLocation	city
salesman	AtLocation	mall
salesman	AtLocation	any large city
salesman	AtLocation	store
human hand	IsA	hold five play card
human hand	IsA	hold three jewel pendant
human hand	IsA	hold red dart point downward
blackbird	IsA	bird
kosher delicatessen	AtLocation	new york city
kosher delicatessen	AtLocation	town
sail boat	IsA	boat
sail boat	IsA	efficient transportation
sail boat	IsA	popular hobby
sail boat	IsA	wind power
tablecloth	AtLocation	linen closet
tablecloth	AtLocation	on table
change	AtLocation	jar
change	AtLocation	couch seat
change	AtLocation	pocket
queen	IsA	female monarch
queen	AtLocation	bee hive
queen	IsA	bitch
queen	IsA	powerful ruler
queen	IsA	ruler of anarchy
queen	IsA	main character of fairy tale
queen	IsA	murderous tyrant
queen	IsA	monarch type of government
queen	IsA	read
queen	IsA	woman
queen	IsA	royalty
queen	IsA	monarch
queen	AtLocation	castle
queen	AtLocation	england
bleacher	AtLocation	gymnasium
bleacher	AtLocation	stadium
bleacher	AtLocation	sport event
deck	AtLocation	on boat
deck	AtLocation	boat
deck	AtLocation	backyard
many breed	AtLocation	dog
many breed	AtLocation	horse
many breed	AtLocation	horse all with their specific use
comic strip	AtLocation	newspaper
pile of paper	AtLocation	your desk
coffee table	AtLocation	front of couch
coffee table	IsA	often
coffee table	IsA	place in front of couch
coffee table	AtLocation	furnature store
motorway	AtLocation	city
motorway	AtLocation	race track
motorway	IsA	avenue along
motorway	AtLocation	any first world country
motorway	AtLocation	england
busboy	AtLocation	resturant
park area	AtLocation	person
park area	AtLocation	downtown shop district
park area	AtLocation	any city
park area	AtLocation	downtown
celebrity	IsA	famous person
anatomy	IsA	science
george washington	IsA	president
george washington	IsA	perported to have
nine	IsA	number
clinton	IsA	liar
cashew	IsA	commonly eat nut
broccoli	IsA	green vegetable
broccoli	AtLocation	farmer market
stop sign	AtLocation	corner of two street
stop sign	AtLocation	street corner
stop sign	AtLocation	fork in road
printer	AtLocation	home office
printer	IsA	slow sometimes
printer	AtLocation	ink
printer	AtLocation	computer
repairman	AtLocation	repair shop
coat	AtLocation	wardrobe
coat	IsA	clothe
instructor	IsA	tutor
your friend	AtLocation	friend house
your friend	AtLocation	friend wed
your friend	AtLocation	door
your friend	AtLocation	neighbor house
your friend	AtLocation	you
subway station	AtLocation	new york
subway station	AtLocation	london
subway station	AtLocation	big city
subway station	AtLocation	city
subway station	IsA	place
sherlock holmes	IsA	famous fictional detective
sherlock holmes	IsA	detective
sherlock holmes	IsA	fictional character
sherlock holmes	IsA	picture smoke calabash pipe
tape	IsA	place somewhere
ideal	IsA	abstraction
a	IsA	container
a	IsA	blood type
nurse	AtLocation	at doctor
nurse	IsA	care giver
nurse	AtLocation	in hospital
nurse	AtLocation	kindergarden
nurse	AtLocation	doctor office
nurse	AtLocation	hospital
minibar	AtLocation	hotel
minibar	AtLocation	hotel room
minibar	AtLocation	at hotel
minibar	AtLocation	hotel suite
minibar	AtLocation	basement
dry	AtLocation	basement
article	AtLocation	magazine in store
article	AtLocation	newspaper in newspaper
article	IsA	document type
article	AtLocation	magazine in hospital
insurance	IsA	contract
croatia	IsA	in europe
croatia	IsA	country
ticket slot	AtLocation	casino
ticket slot	AtLocation	park lot
ticket slot	IsA	where ticket come out
ticket slot	IsA	where you
caffeine	AtLocation	soda vend machine
caffeine	AtLocation	restaurant
captain	AtLocation	bridge of his ship
captain	IsA	officer of ship
librarian	AtLocation	at library
librarian	IsA	person who tend book
librarian	AtLocation	library
beethoven	IsA	composer
chalkboard	IsA	call blackboard
chalkboard	IsA	useful teach tool
chalkboard	IsA	for teacher
chalkboard	IsA	erasable surface
bookshop	AtLocation	mall
bookshop	AtLocation	student union
bookshop	AtLocation	book
lead	IsA	bluish-white lustrous metal
lead	IsA	heavy metal
lead	IsA	certain type of screen
lead	AtLocation	calculator
lead	AtLocation	trailer light
lead	AtLocation	electronic equipment
lead	IsA	very dense material
lead	AtLocation	dashboard
lead	IsA	dense than water
lead	IsA	metal
second floor	IsA	first floor
cupboard	IsA	compound word
cupboard	AtLocation	plate
cupboard	AtLocation	tea
cupboard	AtLocation	dish
cupboard	AtLocation	bread
cupboard	AtLocation	kitchen
automatic	IsA	weapon
scout	IsA	person
scout	AtLocation	boy
skin	AtLocation	your finger
skin	AtLocation	pudding
skin	AtLocation	fruit
skin	IsA	cosmetic
skin	IsA	men lotion
skin	AtLocation	hair
skin	AtLocation	body
denture	AtLocation	your mouth
denture	IsA	replacement for our own tooth
denture	IsA	artificial replacement for tooth
grind floor	AtLocation	build
grind floor	IsA	level of build
grind floor	AtLocation	office build
loneliness	IsA	cuase of suicide
bin and bag	IsA	both container
cranberry	IsA	band
freeze dinner	AtLocation	freezer
roadkill	AtLocation	freeway
robot	AtLocation	manufacture plant
robot	AtLocation	factory
robot	IsA	automation
robot	AtLocation	science fiction movie
robot	IsA	mechanical device
robot	AtLocation	laboratory
robot	IsA	worker
robot	IsA	one type of machine
robot	IsA	roboter
robot	AtLocation	mar
robot	AtLocation	space shuttle
robot	IsA	machine
right angle	AtLocation	corner
shed	IsA	place to store lawn equipment
shed	AtLocation	backyard
front desk	AtLocation	at hotel
front desk	AtLocation	hotel
race car	AtLocation	race track
duffel bag	AtLocation	locker room
duffel bag	AtLocation	army barrack
envelope	AtLocation	drawer
envelope	AtLocation	desk
envelope	AtLocation	office supply store
envelope	IsA	paper container for letter or document
envelope	AtLocation	letter
accountant	AtLocation	firm
rubber band	IsA	stretchy
rubber band	AtLocation	desk
rubber band	AtLocation	office
rubber band	IsA	not good pony tail holder
pie	AtLocation	windowsill
pie	AtLocation	grocery store
pie	AtLocation	supermarket
pie	AtLocation	house
pie	AtLocation	refrigerator
pie	AtLocation	freezer
pie	IsA	sometimes
pie	IsA	desseret
pitcher mound	AtLocation	baseball stadium
glass case	AtLocation	drawer
glass case	AtLocation	purse
glass case	AtLocation	shirt pocket
launch pad	AtLocation	cape kennedy
launch pad	AtLocation	nasa
launch pad	AtLocation	space center
launch pad	AtLocation	military installation
launch pad	AtLocation	cape canaveral
launch pad	AtLocation	florida
launch pad	IsA	where spacheships take off
launch pad	AtLocation	rocket launch field
oz	AtLocation	rainbow
illness	AtLocation	brain
illness	IsA	feel
illness	AtLocation	elderly person
illness	IsA	cancer
illness	AtLocation	hospital
pee	AtLocation	hotel
pee	AtLocation	build
pee	AtLocation	country
pee	AtLocation	water
bookcase	AtLocation	den
bookcase	AtLocation	house
bookcase	IsA	furniture
website	AtLocation	internet
many kind	AtLocation	bird
many kind	AtLocation	fruit
many kind	AtLocation	boat
many kind	AtLocation	fruit in grocery store
many kind	AtLocation	pacifier
many kind	AtLocation	office supply
many kind	AtLocation	food
many kind	AtLocation	animal
many kind	AtLocation	apple
many kind	AtLocation	cheese
post office	AtLocation	center of town
post office	AtLocation	town
post office	IsA	location to send mail
post office	IsA	government build
post office	AtLocation	city
post office	AtLocation	build
main entrance	AtLocation	build
main entrance	AtLocation	front of build
main entrance	AtLocation	any public build
main entrance	AtLocation	movie theater
water plant	AtLocation	build
lego	AtLocation	toy store
lego	IsA	good toy for child
doctor office	AtLocation	germany
bookie	AtLocation	race track
capital of djibouti	IsA	djibouti
tress	AtLocation	forest
saltshaker	AtLocation	you own kitchen
saltshaker	AtLocation	table set
saltshaker	AtLocation	cruet
saltshaker	AtLocation	resturant
saltshaker	IsA	sell along with pepper shaker
saltshaker	AtLocation	cabinet
linoleum	AtLocation	furniture
linoleum	AtLocation	old home
linoleum	AtLocation	home
linoleum	AtLocation	kitchen
string	IsA	musical instrument
string	AtLocation	bird nest
string	IsA	part of violin
string	IsA	integral part of yoyo
hinge door	AtLocation	your own house
hinge door	AtLocation	kitchen
container cup	AtLocation	kitchen
container cup	AtLocation	refridgerater
mill	AtLocation	farmyard
mill	AtLocation	forest
mill	AtLocation	desert
mill	AtLocation	wheat
street	AtLocation	street corner
street	AtLocation	any large city
street	AtLocation	germany
street	IsA	place to live
street	AtLocation	map
street	IsA	place
street	IsA	avenue
street	AtLocation	lane
street	AtLocation	traffic
street	AtLocation	city
work of art	AtLocation	museum or gallery
work of art	AtLocation	art show
bridge rail	AtLocation	bridge
interstate highway	AtLocation	america
interstate highway	AtLocation	unite state
interstate highway	AtLocation	map book
interstate highway	AtLocation	texas
interstate highway	AtLocation	roadmap
compassion	AtLocation	your heart
compassion	IsA	love
cash register	AtLocation	supermarket
cash register	AtLocation	store
cash register	AtLocation	shop
cash register	AtLocation	bookstore
cash register	AtLocation	mall
billfold	AtLocation	money
high rise	AtLocation	city
high rise	AtLocation	downtown
high rise	AtLocation	lake shore area
high rise	IsA	build
parkway	IsA	highway
cord	AtLocation	mountain climber back-pack
cord	AtLocation	hardware store
cord	AtLocation	hospital
cord	AtLocation	bundle
chess board	AtLocation	game hall
chess board	AtLocation	library
chess board	AtLocation	room
chess board	AtLocation	cabinet
chess board	AtLocation	toy store
chess board	AtLocation	park
chess board	AtLocation	game store
chess board	AtLocation	game room
chess board	AtLocation	germany
chess board	AtLocation	home
chess board	AtLocation	house
mast	AtLocation	sail ship
mast	IsA	key part of sailboat
mouthwash	AtLocation	bottle
mouthwash	AtLocation	medicine chest
mouthwash	IsA	personal hygeine product
mouthwash	AtLocation	bathroom
armoire	AtLocation	bedroom
armoire	AtLocation	furniture store
armoire	AtLocation	live room
armoire	AtLocation	your neighbour bedroom
armoire	AtLocation	beach
hair conditioner	AtLocation	bathroom with your shampoo
hair conditioner	AtLocation	bathroom
hair conditioner	AtLocation	hair salon
hair conditioner	AtLocation	drug store
mayonnaise	AtLocation	refrigerator
mayonnaise	AtLocation	jar
steak house	AtLocation	japan
steak house	AtLocation	city
steak house	IsA	popular eat establishment
steak house	AtLocation	strip mall
sulfur	AtLocation	chemistry lab
olive	AtLocation	jar
olive	IsA	domesticate plant
olive	AtLocation	pizza
streetsign	AtLocation	street corner
soccer mom	AtLocation	soccer game
24 hour	AtLocation	one day
24 hour	AtLocation	day
60 second	AtLocation	one minute
60 second	AtLocation	minute
feather	AtLocation	featherduster
feather	AtLocation	cap
feather	AtLocation	your cap
feather	AtLocation	bird nest
feather	AtLocation	bird
feather	IsA	quill
twelve sign	AtLocation	zodiac
platform	AtLocation	at train station
bicycle storage area	AtLocation	garage
bicycle storage area	AtLocation	bicycle shop
tie	IsA	neckwear
tie	AtLocation	suitcase
pennsylvania	IsA	state
pennsylvania	IsA	place
art critic	AtLocation	art show
art critic	AtLocation	at art show
character	AtLocation	play in theater
character	AtLocation	play in play
character	AtLocation	play in program
hard drive	AtLocation	computer
suspension cable	AtLocation	bridge
suspension cable	AtLocation	elevator
suspension cable	AtLocation	suspension bridge
ranger	AtLocation	state park
restaurant bill	AtLocation	restaurant
restaurant bill	AtLocation	your table
restaurant bill	AtLocation	trash
restaurant bill	AtLocation	my hand
it	IsA	funny to wear groucho marx glass
it	IsA	mountain
it	IsA	rainy day
it	IsA	winter
it	IsA	boat
it	IsA	music
it	IsA	musical instrument
it	IsA	machine
it	IsA	sunset
it	IsA	instrument
it	IsA	piece
it	IsA	chess piece
it	IsA	best to think outside bos
it	IsA	best to think
it	IsA	almost 4:20
it	IsA	disguise and it be funny
it	IsA	sportroom
it	IsA	activity of conscription
it	IsA	apple symbol of new-york
it	IsA	new-york
it	IsA	bad strange dessert
it	IsA	office during day
it	IsA	false denture
it	IsA	honor to recieve medal
it	IsA	time to get to work
it	IsA	bell in hotel
it	IsA	tornodo
it	IsA	nessesary to go through custom
it	IsA	possible to discover something
it	IsA	uncomfortable to have food
it	IsA	frusterating not to win
it	IsA	cool in shade
it	IsA	cold on mountain
it	IsA	coldeerr on oountains
it	IsA	cool in mountain
it	IsA	cold at high elevation
it	IsA	hot day tomorrow
it	IsA	fun too maake baby laugh
it	IsA	tall skyscrapper
it	IsA	almost 4:00
it	IsA	allow
it	IsA	house
it	IsA	balance to weight gold
it	IsA	cliche
it	IsA	hard to see object
it	IsA	portrait of bird
it	IsA	sharp cut thing
it	IsA	hard to tell
it	IsA	banquet
it	IsA	medal
it	IsA	best to prepare for emergency
it	IsA	o.k
it	IsA	honer to receive metal
it	IsA	tooth clean time again
it	IsA	easy to eat while seat
it	IsA	safe to buckle up
it	IsA	male sport
it	IsA	biersaufer
it	IsA	saumadeschlumpf
it	IsA	soda
it	IsA	cold be penguin live
it	IsA	great livingroom
it	IsA	newsreel and it case
it	IsA	player of baseball
it	IsA	apple pie la mode
it	IsA	basketball
it	IsA	boot
it	IsA	pair of glass
it	IsA	ax
it	IsA	game
it	IsA	army tank
it	IsA	eagle or other predator
it	IsA	round and flat and store information
it	IsA	bed
it	IsA	girl on suspension bridge
it	IsA	billiard ball
it	IsA	pitcher
it	IsA	red bicycle
it	IsA	mask
it	IsA	lizard
it	IsA	red yoyo
it	IsA	dartboard
it	IsA	child hat
it	IsA	reptile
it	IsA	artificial pig
it	IsA	live room
it	IsA	pair of sunglass
it	IsA	spherical ball
it	IsA	eight ball
it	IsA	axe with brown handle
it	IsA	flower
it	IsA	umbrella
it	IsA	tree
it	IsA	man and woman dance
it	IsA	plastic
it	IsA	green apple
it	IsA	traditional sport
it	IsA	bagel with cream cheese
it	IsA	globe of earth
it	IsA	important
it	IsA	black and white mark
it	IsA	good house
it	IsA	black rotary telephone
it	IsA	thing to sit on
it	IsA	picture of capitol build
it	IsA	twilight
it	IsA	little boy
it	IsA	pin
it	IsA	rubber duck
it	IsA	glass
it	IsA	man on ski
it	IsA	wooden coat hanger
it	IsA	grind
it	IsA	cold at night
it	IsA	annoy instrument
it	IsA	strip of wood
it	IsA	where person be
it	IsA	good exercize to play basketball
it	IsA	large population center
it	IsA	place to watch sport event
it	IsA	symptom of conspicious consumption
it	IsA	scary place at night
it	IsA	place to play tennis
it	IsA	purse
it	AtLocation	paper form or electronic form
it	IsA	space between build
it	IsA	not likely
it	IsA	private room
playroom	AtLocation	school
playroom	AtLocation	day care center
playroom	AtLocation	preschool
playroom	AtLocation	very large house
orion	IsA	my favorite constellation
spy	AtLocation	safehouse
gymnasium	AtLocation	school
gymnasium	IsA	room
gymnasium	IsA	build
gymnasium	AtLocation	sport center
uncle	IsA	your father brother
uncle	IsA	member of family
uncle	AtLocation	your aunt house
uncle	AtLocation	house
uncle	AtLocation	aunt house
automatic gate	AtLocation	gate community
wild animal	AtLocation	zoo
wild animal	IsA	animal
wild animal	IsA	sometimes
wild animal	AtLocation	wood
wild animal	IsA	in danger of become extinct
wild animal	AtLocation	tree
neighbour	AtLocation	neighbor house
neighbour	AtLocation	next door
neighbour	AtLocation	door
plank	IsA	part of pirate ship
mezzanine	AtLocation	theater
mezzanine	AtLocation	france
subway stop	AtLocation	new york city
subway stop	AtLocation	large city
subway stop	AtLocation	urban area
post-it note	AtLocation	desk
post-it note	AtLocation	drawer
post-it note	AtLocation	office
post-it note	AtLocation	your desk
adhesive bandage	AtLocation	first aid kit
adhesive bandage	AtLocation	pharmacy
adhesive bandage	AtLocation	drug store
adhesive bandage	AtLocation	bookshop
paperwork	AtLocation	office build
paperwork	AtLocation	desk
paperwork	AtLocation	office
highlighter	AtLocation	desk
highlighter	AtLocation	office drawer
highlighter	AtLocation	desk drawer
scientist	AtLocation	at mit media lab
scientist	AtLocation	oklahoma
scientist	AtLocation	laboratory
wool	IsA	natural fiber
wool	AtLocation	wool stockpile
wool	AtLocation	fabric store
wool	IsA	material
wool	AtLocation	sheep farm
wool	AtLocation	fabric shop
wool	AtLocation	craft store
wool	AtLocation	shirt
wool	AtLocation	sheep
feel	AtLocation	hat
feel	IsA	not
feel	IsA	not fact
feel	IsA	very soft kind of fabric
feel	AtLocation	store
feel	IsA	soft cloth
feel	IsA	love
arctic fox	AtLocation	arctic
arctic fox	IsA	fox
junk	AtLocation	cellar
junk	AtLocation	bed
junk	AtLocation	television
junk	AtLocation	drawer
barrack	AtLocation	military base
barrack	IsA	build
appointment book	AtLocation	briefcase
appointment book	AtLocation	desk
appointment book	AtLocation	handbag
space shuttle	AtLocation	orbit
space shuttle	AtLocation	space
space shuttle	AtLocation	outerspace
space shuttle	AtLocation	cape canaveral
space shuttle	IsA	place
space shuttle	AtLocation	sky
space shuttle	AtLocation	outer space
wild flower	AtLocation	field
wild flower	AtLocation	in meadow
fold door	AtLocation	omnibus
fold door	AtLocation	hallway
red light	IsA	low frequency
litter	AtLocation	highway
litter	AtLocation	roadside
litter	IsA	against law
litter	AtLocation	kitten
android	IsA	data
france	IsA	country in europe
france	IsA	in europe
france	IsA	country
bowl pin	AtLocation	bowl alley
bowl pin	AtLocation	at bowl alley
park bench	AtLocation	park
pair of sock	AtLocation	sock drawer
man and boy	IsA	play basketball
surfer	AtLocation	at beach
bombardon	AtLocation	war
fill	AtLocation	your mouth
camp	IsA	place
camp	IsA	activity
bus stop	AtLocation	city
bus stop	AtLocation	town
bus stop	AtLocation	urban area
bus stop	AtLocation	on road
cobweb	AtLocation	garage
cobweb	AtLocation	refrigerator
year	IsA	365 day
year	IsA	365 day long
frisbee	IsA	fun sport
frisbee	IsA	aerodynamic toy disc
frisbee	IsA	round fly disc
frisbee	AtLocation	home
frisbee	AtLocation	state park
frisbee	AtLocation	gym
frisbee	AtLocation	deadhead van
frisbee	AtLocation	tree
frisbee	AtLocation	park
frisbee	IsA	toy
electron	IsA	lepton
electron	IsA	elementary particle
electron	AtLocation	normal matter
electron	AtLocation	orbitals
electron	IsA	particle
spirit	AtLocation	bar
spirit	AtLocation	graveyard
spirit	AtLocation	liquor cabinet
spirit	AtLocation	disney store
spirit	IsA	god
relative	AtLocation	relative house
relative	IsA	sister
relative	IsA	brother
canoe	AtLocation	mountain stream
canoe	AtLocation	boat house
canoe	IsA	great exercise for arm
canoe	IsA	vehicle
canoe	IsA	good exersize
canoe	IsA	sport person participate in
canoe	IsA	vehicle type
canoe	AtLocation	water
canoe	IsA	boat
canoe	IsA	wood
canoe	IsA	kayak
poison	AtLocation	lawn
poison	IsA	arsenic
many way	AtLocation	die
many way	AtLocation	share information and none be perfect
many way	AtLocation	count in dart
many way	AtLocation	grind coffee
many way	AtLocation	get warm
many way	AtLocation	produce music
many way	AtLocation	organize information
many way	AtLocation	which coffee be serve
many way	AtLocation	package product
many way	AtLocation	serve coffee
many way	AtLocation	say one thing
picnic basket	AtLocation	camper
picnic basket	IsA	vessel
jehovah witness	AtLocation	front door
jehovah witness	AtLocation	at front door
plumber	IsA	person who doe plumb
rook in game	AtLocation	chess
old clothe	AtLocation	trash
old clothe	AtLocation	trunk
old clothe	AtLocation	loft
old clothe	AtLocation	attic
old clothe	AtLocation	of fashion
electric pencil sharpener	AtLocation	class room
electric pencil sharpener	AtLocation	office of lazy person
electric pencil sharpener	AtLocation	office supply store
electric pencil sharpener	AtLocation	office cubicle
electric pencil sharpener	AtLocation	office
electric pencil sharpener	AtLocation	office build
4 ocean	AtLocation	earth
quasar	AtLocation	space
quasar	IsA	astronomical object
sunglass	AtLocation	somebody bag
sunglass	AtLocation	glove compartment of car
sunglass	AtLocation	eyeglass store
gossip	AtLocation	water cool
store shelf	AtLocation	convienence store
store shelf	AtLocation	store
sweat	IsA	way of regulate body temperature
sweat	IsA	way
nightclub	IsA	noisy place
nightclub	AtLocation	any major city
card catalog	AtLocation	libary
card catalog	AtLocation	library
cereal box	AtLocation	refrigerator
ventilation system	AtLocation	large build
ventilation system	AtLocation	build
ventilation system	AtLocation	house
mountain goat	AtLocation	mountain
mountain goat	IsA	animal
museum ticket	AtLocation	pocket
museum ticket	AtLocation	museum
most rug	AtLocation	floor
phone book	AtLocation	drawer
phone book	AtLocation	motel
phone book	IsA	directory
coach	IsA	person who coach other person
robber	IsA	criminal
union	AtLocation	workplace
union	IsA	collective bargain unit
kitty	IsA	small cat
galley	AtLocation	boat
forceps	IsA	pair of tongs
one way to scope out information	IsA	otoscope
one way to scope out information	IsA	stethoscope
air conditioner	AtLocation	texas
air conditioner	AtLocation	office build
air conditioner	AtLocation	computer room
air conditioner	IsA	cool device
air conditioner	AtLocation	house
air conditioner	AtLocation	car
battery	AtLocation	auto part store
baby food	AtLocation	jar
first aid kit	AtLocation	backpack
trash can	AtLocation	park
trash can	AtLocation	alley
trash can	AtLocation	water cool
trash can	AtLocation	party
trash can	AtLocation	school
trash can	AtLocation	subway
trash can	AtLocation	train station
trash can	AtLocation	state park
trash can	AtLocation	house
trash can	AtLocation	airport
trash can	AtLocation	mall
trash can	AtLocation	restaurant
ruby	IsA	precious stone
ruby	IsA	pure object-oriented program language
ruby	IsA	stone
chimpanzee	IsA	mammal
chimpanzee	IsA	ape
blue sky	AtLocation	rainbow
kosher restaurant	AtLocation	new york city
kosher restaurant	AtLocation	jewish neighborhood
kosher restaurant	AtLocation	new york
kosher restaurant	AtLocation	jerusalem
indian restaurant	AtLocation	india
indian restaurant	AtLocation	food
briefcase	AtLocation	hand
briefcase	AtLocation	courtroom
briefcase	AtLocation	office build
briefcase	AtLocation	bag store
briefcase	AtLocation	airport
telephone box	AtLocation	london
telephone box	AtLocation	city on street corner
telephone box	AtLocation	restaurant
staple	IsA	paper fastener
staple	AtLocation	desk
staple	AtLocation	desk drawer
staple	IsA	example of paper fastener
staple	AtLocation	in office
staple	AtLocation	box
staple	AtLocation	pantry
staple	AtLocation	office
park space	AtLocation	rest area
park space	AtLocation	drive-in movie
park space	IsA	stometime hard to find
spectator	AtLocation	sport event
spectator	AtLocation	show
spectator	AtLocation	circus
spectator	AtLocation	soccer game
spectator	AtLocation	race track
movie screen	AtLocation	movie
movie screen	AtLocation	drive-in movie
movie screen	AtLocation	movie theatre
oil paint	AtLocation	art show
lint	AtLocation	your pocket
lint	AtLocation	purse
lint	AtLocation	in pocket
lint	AtLocation	laundromat
lint	AtLocation	pocket
newspaper	IsA	document
newspaper	AtLocation	store
newspaper	AtLocation	front door
newspaper	IsA	form print news
newspaper	AtLocation	bottom of bird cage
newspaper	AtLocation	house
newspaper	AtLocation	street
newspaper	AtLocation	city
newspaper	AtLocation	lawn
newspaper	AtLocation	bookstore
newspaper	AtLocation	trash
newspaper	AtLocation	subway
newspaper	AtLocation	porch
newspaper	AtLocation	town
newspaper	AtLocation	garage
newspaper	AtLocation	desk
newspaper	AtLocation	your desk drawer
newspaper	IsA	information source
newspaper	IsA	often
newspaper	AtLocation	earth
newspaper	AtLocation	market
newspaper	AtLocation	university
newspaper	AtLocation	office
newspaper	AtLocation	school
newspaper	AtLocation	grocery store
newspaper	AtLocation	home
newspaper	AtLocation	kitchen
newspaper	AtLocation	airport
newspaper	IsA	collection of rough paper sheet
newspaper	AtLocation	library
newspaper	AtLocation	headline
newspaper	AtLocation	column
day	IsA	24 hour long
day	IsA	24 hour
payment counter	AtLocation	bank
payment counter	AtLocation	convenience store
place set	AtLocation	table
landlord	IsA	evil slime ball
landlord	IsA	owner of apartment
stick eraser	AtLocation	office supply store
stick eraser	AtLocation	classroom
stick eraser	AtLocation	desk drawer
lot of book	AtLocation	library
freeze food	AtLocation	freezer
freeze food	AtLocation	supermarket
freeze food	AtLocation	market
freeze food	AtLocation	fridge
freeze food	AtLocation	grocery store
freeze food	IsA	food
salad spinner	AtLocation	cupboard
light source	AtLocation	light bulb
something you find downstairs	IsA	basement
something you find downstairs	IsA	person
something you find downstairs	IsA	chair
something you find downstairs	IsA	water heater
something you find downstairs	IsA	room
something you find downstairs	IsA	mat
something you find downstairs	IsA	rest room
porn	AtLocation	sex
porn	AtLocation	internet
instrument triangle	AtLocation	orchestra
instrument triangle	AtLocation	band classroom
fifty two week	AtLocation	year
ticket taker	AtLocation	train station
school book	AtLocation	backpack
crime	IsA	activity
crime	IsA	theft
crime	IsA	steal
crime	IsA	kill
garbage waste	IsA	compost
garbage waste	AtLocation	street
garbage waste	AtLocation	sewer
garbage waste	IsA	bad thing
garbage waste	AtLocation	dump grind
trash container	AtLocation	kitchen
trash container	IsA	container where you deposit garbage
trash container	AtLocation	alley
trash container	AtLocation	office
trash container	AtLocation	fast food restaurant
trash container	AtLocation	street
trash container	AtLocation	industrial estate
village	AtLocation	africa
village	AtLocation	big city
village	IsA	place
village	AtLocation	world
village	AtLocation	country of france
village	AtLocation	countryside
village	IsA	town
brick row house	AtLocation	city
brick row house	AtLocation	city center
brick row house	AtLocation	neighborhood
brick row house	AtLocation	ghetto
brick row house	AtLocation	urban neighborhood
government	AtLocation	canada
government	AtLocation	civilization
government	IsA	charade
government	IsA	social institution
government	IsA	take away person liberty
government	IsA	in washington d.c
government	AtLocation	everything
government	AtLocation	democracy
government	AtLocation	country
government	AtLocation	bureaucracy
cat in	AtLocation	barn
necklace	IsA	piece of jewelry
necklace	IsA	piece of jewlery
necklace	IsA	form of human ornamentation
necklace	IsA	jewelrey
necklace	IsA	usualy string
necklace	IsA	type of jewelry
necklace	IsA	jewelry
runway	AtLocation	military base
runway	AtLocation	city
cereal	AtLocation	cupboard
cereal	IsA	typically
cereal	IsA	breakfast food
cereal	AtLocation	fridge
5,280 foot	AtLocation	mile
greengrocer	AtLocation	city
greengrocer	AtLocation	grocery store
greengrocer	AtLocation	center of city
greengrocer	AtLocation	supermarket
guest	AtLocation	front door
guest	AtLocation	disneyland
cadillac	IsA	expensive car
cadillac	IsA	brand of car
cadillac	IsA	brand of automobile
friction	IsA	force
bum	AtLocation	bridge
bum	AtLocation	under bridge
bum	AtLocation	bus stop
factory	AtLocation	city
factory	IsA	place
factory	AtLocation	any large city
factory	AtLocation	industrial area
factory	AtLocation	town
factory	AtLocation	russia
factory	AtLocation	industry
fact	IsA	piece of information
fact	AtLocation	database
fact	IsA	4 letter word
fact	IsA	undisputable piece of information
fact	IsA	actuality real
fact	IsA	true statement
fact	IsA	they be both ivy
fact	IsA	information
director	IsA	person who direct movie
director	AtLocation	film set
movie ticket	AtLocation	movie theater
movie ticket	IsA	ducument
movie ticket	AtLocation	your pant pocket week late
movie ticket	AtLocation	your purse
movie ticket	AtLocation	box office
movie ticket	AtLocation	theater
can of food	AtLocation	cupboard
can of food	AtLocation	shelf
lighten	IsA	electricity
lighten	IsA	form of electricity
lighten	IsA	electrostatic electricity
lighten	IsA	source of electricity
lighten	IsA	two cloud have fight
check-in counter	AtLocation	airport
nietzsche	IsA	german
nietzsche	IsA	dead but god life
movie theater seat	AtLocation	movie theatre
movie theater seat	AtLocation	first few row
movie theater seat	AtLocation	theatre
movie theater seat	AtLocation	movie theater
four season	AtLocation	year
chlorophyll	IsA	chemical
mammoth	AtLocation	freeze tundra
mammoth	AtLocation	zoo
mammoth	IsA	extinct animal
mammoth	AtLocation	museum of natural history
mammoth	AtLocation	history book
mammoth	AtLocation	siberian tundra
mammoth	AtLocation	museum
mammoth	AtLocation	forest
mammoth	AtLocation	ancient time
mammoth	AtLocation	grind
mammoth	AtLocation	tar pit
mammoth	AtLocation	museum exhibit
mammoth	AtLocation	movie
mammoth	AtLocation	book
mammoth	AtLocation	northern ice sheet
mammoth	AtLocation	glacial ice
mammoth	AtLocation	nature
mammoth	AtLocation	history
mammoth	AtLocation	stone age
mammoth	AtLocation	mammal family
mammoth	AtLocation	glacier
mammoth	AtLocation	freeze glacier
mammoth	AtLocation	siberian ice
mammoth	AtLocation	prehistoric time
mammoth	AtLocation	fossil bed
mammoth	AtLocation	prehistory
mammoth	AtLocation	wild
mammoth	AtLocation	fairy tail
mammoth	AtLocation	bury in ice
mammoth	AtLocation	antarctica
mammoth	AtLocation	field
mammoth	AtLocation	great outdoors
mammoth	AtLocation	jungle
mammoth	AtLocation	ice age
mammoth	AtLocation	ice
statement	AtLocation	newspaper
deaf person	IsA	person
semiautomatic	IsA	gun
roll	AtLocation	breadbox
roll	IsA	bread
attraction	AtLocation	disneyland
merchant	AtLocation	mall
merchant	AtLocation	supermarket
merchant	AtLocation	bizzarre
merchant	AtLocation	market
merchant	AtLocation	shop
little girl	IsA	hold puppy
large container	IsA	big than small container
large container	AtLocation	container store
large container	AtLocation	factory
large container	AtLocation	supermarket
large container	AtLocation	warehouse
large container	AtLocation	kitchen
miami	IsA	city in florida
miami	AtLocation	in florida
sitcom	IsA	tv show
sitcom	AtLocation	television
sitcom	AtLocation	tv
prison	IsA	fail social-political experiment
prison	AtLocation	countryside
prison	AtLocation	kansa
prison	IsA	place be sometimes not guilty person be send
prison	IsA	alcatraz
prison	AtLocation	criminal
prison	AtLocation	prisoner
wash and wear fabric	AtLocation	wash machine
wash and wear fabric	AtLocation	your own closet
wash and wear fabric	AtLocation	department store
wash and wear fabric	AtLocation	shop
california	IsA	state in usa
california	IsA	place in north america
california	AtLocation	coast
california	IsA	state
bay	AtLocation	lake
bay	IsA	body of water
helicopter	AtLocation	airport
helicopter	IsA	rotary wing aircraft
helicopter	IsA	machine
helicopter	AtLocation	in sky
helicopter	IsA	fly machine
helicopter	AtLocation	sky
canada	IsA	country in north america
canada	IsA	independent country
canada	IsA	large country with cold winter
canada	IsA	political division of earth
canada	IsA	in north america
canada	AtLocation	beaver
canada	AtLocation	snow
advertise panel	AtLocation	advertise agency
inuit	AtLocation	arctic
cookbook	AtLocation	refrigerator
cookbook	AtLocation	shelf
disgust	IsA	emotion
fence	IsA	olympic sport
fence	AtLocation	two house
fence	AtLocation	gate
sea shell	AtLocation	ocean
stool	AtLocation	classroom
stool	IsA	3-legged chair
theater seat	IsA	for person to sit in
band aid	AtLocation	first-aid kit
band aid	AtLocation	first aid kit
band aid	AtLocation	drug store
cashier	AtLocation	at store
cashier	AtLocation	your pantry
cashier	AtLocation	supermarket
cashier	AtLocation	market
cashier	AtLocation	person
cashier	AtLocation	shop
wombat	IsA	marsupial
toaster	IsA	machine
toaster	AtLocation	bread
advertise	IsA	part of every day life
advertise	AtLocation	newspaper
white house	AtLocation	washington dc
white house	IsA	where president life
white house	IsA	in washington d.c
white house	AtLocation	pennsylvania avenue
white house	IsA	on pennsylvania ave
white house	IsA	locate in washington dc
white house	AtLocation	washington d.c
agenda	AtLocation	meet
agenda	AtLocation	at meet
manager	AtLocation	office room
manager	AtLocation	store
gurney	AtLocation	hospital
fluoride toothpaste	AtLocation	grocery store
fluoride toothpaste	AtLocation	tube
everyone	IsA	in search of feedom
japanese	IsA	human language
war	IsA	bad thing
war	IsA	common event
war	IsA	bloody conflict between person
war	IsA	faught
war	IsA	usually
war	AtLocation	far away
war	IsA	horrible thing
war	IsA	person fight over territory
war	IsA	mechanism for resolve conflict
war	IsA	mechanism
war	IsA	hell
war	IsA	fight
war	IsA	conflict
war	AtLocation	death
war	AtLocation	kill
war	AtLocation	violence
war	AtLocation	battle
war	AtLocation	weapon
war	AtLocation	army
creek	IsA	small river
creek	AtLocation	valley
creek	AtLocation	meadow
row	IsA	good exercise
row	AtLocation	sequence of similar thing
row	IsA	great source of exercise
row	AtLocation	field
row	IsA	fight
red sky at night	IsA	sailor delight
red sky at night	IsA	salors delight
liter	IsA	metric measurement
golf	IsA	expensive hobby
golf	IsA	elitist sport
golf	IsA	bore sport
golf	IsA	activity
golf	IsA	leisure activity
golf	IsA	healthy pastime
golf	IsA	non sport
golf	IsA	slow-paced game
golf	IsA	game usually
golf	IsA	very slow-moving sport
golf	IsA	eighteen hole
golf	IsA	exspensive sport
golf	IsA	form of un-necessary leisure
golf	IsA	game you play outside
golf	IsA	complicate sport
golf	IsA	expensive game
golf	IsA	very challenge game
golf	IsA	bore yet serious sport
golf	IsA	great game
golf	IsA	sport
zoologist	IsA	scientist
idea	IsA	not object
idea	IsA	central mean purpose or concept
fish tank	AtLocation	neighbor house
ping pong paddle	IsA	nubby
ping pong paddle	IsA	light than tennis raquets
flower arrangement	IsA	trade
flower arrangement	IsA	attractive centerpiece on table
flower arrangement	IsA	nice gift for special occasion
dodge dart	IsA	car
mankind	IsA	one single nation
mankind	IsA	not biologically
ax	AtLocation	garage
ax	IsA	useful tool
ax	AtLocation	toolbox
ax	AtLocation	hardware store
ax	IsA	hatchet
fire truck	IsA	emergency vehicle
tornado	IsA	weather phenomenon
tornado	IsA	very destructive storm
tornado	IsA	destructive spin column of wind
tornado	IsA	extremely severe storm
tornado	IsA	natural disaster
tornado	IsA	form of weather
tornado	IsA	powerful force of nature
tornado	IsA	movie star helen hunt
tornado	IsA	violent weather storm
tornado	IsA	very stron wind
tornado	IsA	deadly storm
tornado	IsA	deadly natural phenomenon
tornado	AtLocation	kansa
tornado	IsA	dangerous and cause damage
tornado	AtLocation	wizard of oz
tornado	IsA	destructive storm
tornado	IsA	very violent storm
tornado	IsA	call twister
tornado	IsA	twirl over rural area
tornado	IsA	weather
groundhog	IsA	pest
groundhog	IsA	mammal
nut and bolt	IsA	fasten device
nut and bolt	IsA	ancient fasten system
nut and bolt	IsA	useful thing
seagull	IsA	animal
crocodile dundee	IsA	movie
pedestal	AtLocation	museum
director chair	AtLocation	studio
cheque book cover	AtLocation	bank
bandage	AtLocation	in medicine cabinet
bandage	AtLocation	bathroom
i-beam	AtLocation	house
i-beam	IsA	support structure
i-beam	AtLocation	metal shop
i-beam	AtLocation	construction site
i-beam	AtLocation	build
i-beam	AtLocation	any large build
classroom chair	AtLocation	school
confetti	IsA	small piece of paper
confetti	AtLocation	city
confetti	AtLocation	street
confetti	AtLocation	big city
nail	AtLocation	store
nail	AtLocation	board
nail	IsA	piece of metal
nail	AtLocation	container
nail	AtLocation	cabinet
nail	AtLocation	jar
nail	AtLocation	your finger
electric fan	AtLocation	hot room
electric fan	AtLocation	closet
electric fan	AtLocation	computer
elvis	IsA	famous singer
elvis	IsA	hide behind my shed
can of soda	AtLocation	vend machine
can of soda	AtLocation	recycle bin
american	IsA	person
american	IsA	citizen of america
american	AtLocation	in tokyo
american	AtLocation	america
pacific ocean	IsA	ocean
pacific ocean	AtLocation	atlas
pacific ocean	IsA	home to many life form
texas	IsA	state
set	IsA	collection of thing
set	IsA	group of object
set	IsA	collection of distinct object
set	IsA	group
lubricant	IsA	vaseline
flashlight	AtLocation	backpack
telephone directory	AtLocation	office
telephone directory	AtLocation	phone booth
telephone directory	AtLocation	your bookshelf
gay person	AtLocation	closet
industry	AtLocation	big city
industry	IsA	general area of business interest
industry	AtLocation	city
optomitrist	IsA	eye doctor
vice	IsA	dangerous it will kill you
vice	IsA	use for grip thing
spice	IsA	cumin
spice	IsA	cinnamon
spice	IsA	pepper
spice	IsA	paprika
spice	IsA	curry
spice	IsA	salt
vegetarian restaurant	AtLocation	calofornia
vegetarian restaurant	AtLocation	major city
vegetarian restaurant	AtLocation	most city
gel toothpaste	AtLocation	tube
gel toothpaste	AtLocation	bathroom
spa	AtLocation	backyard
spa	AtLocation	german city spa
virus	AtLocation	your computer
virus	AtLocation	body
virus	IsA	not live organism
virus	IsA	thing on edge of life
virus	IsA	program that replicate
virus	IsA	almost inconceivably small
virus	IsA	organism
penis	AtLocation	pair of pant
penis	IsA	sex organ
penis	AtLocation	town
penis	AtLocation	lover mouth
penis	AtLocation	lover anus
noun	IsA	person place or thing
many person	AtLocation	sport event
many person	IsA	soothe by walk by ocean
many person	AtLocation	city
many person	IsA	tone deaf
many person	IsA	group
cry	IsA	express feel
pope	IsA	man
pope	IsA	leader
pope	IsA	falliable
pope	IsA	homophobe
wed chapel	AtLocation	nevada
wed chapel	AtLocation	town
wed chapel	AtLocation	church
filly	IsA	young female horse
pen knife	IsA	very useful tool
globe	IsA	three-dimensional map of world
globe	IsA	spherical map of earth
globe	IsA	representation of earth
globe	AtLocation	classroom
globe	IsA	representation of planet earth
globe	IsA	small representation of earth
globe	IsA	3d model of earth
globe	IsA	miniature representation of earth
globe	IsA	useful tool in geography
globe	IsA	artificial representation of world
globe	IsA	model of earth
globe	IsA	three-dimensional map of earth
globe	IsA	much small than planet
globe	IsA	another word for sphere
globe	IsA	not life size
globe	IsA	most commonly
globe	IsA	spherical representation of earth
globe	IsA	scale representation of earth
globe	IsA	reference guide of planet
globe	IsA	map
globe	IsA	earth
stadium	IsA	big place
stadium	AtLocation	city
stadium	AtLocation	any large city
stadium	AtLocation	grass
val kilmer	IsA	actor
val kilmer	AtLocation	real genius
val kilmer	IsA	bad actor
val kilmer	IsA	hunk
val kilmer	IsA	really like 90 year old
coat hanger	IsA	inanimate object
coat hanger	AtLocation	closet
coat hanger	IsA	triangle
coat hanger	IsA	hang clothe on
biped	IsA	two-legged animal
biped	IsA	two-legged
ufo	IsA	unidentified fly object
ufo	IsA	lowercase for ufo
ufo	AtLocation	outerspace
ufo	AtLocation	orbit
ufo	AtLocation	someone imagination
ufo	IsA	fantasy
ufo	AtLocation	space
heptagon	IsA	close shape with seven side
token turnstile	AtLocation	subway station
lead pencil	AtLocation	school supply section of store
lead pencil	AtLocation	school
lead pencil	AtLocation	classroom
lead pencil	AtLocation	desk
lead pencil	IsA	pencil
rehearse room	AtLocation	theater
toy car	AtLocation	toy store
toy car	AtLocation	child bedroom
toy car	AtLocation	toy box
toy car	IsA	small than real car
toy car	AtLocation	child room
toy car	AtLocation	toybox
toy car	IsA	toy
toy car	AtLocation	kid room
machine	AtLocation	laboratory
machine	AtLocation	museum
machine	AtLocation	garage
machine	AtLocation	your house
machine	AtLocation	office
machine	AtLocation	industrial area
machine	AtLocation	barn
machine	IsA	complex tool
machine	IsA	get more complex
machine	AtLocation	repair shop
machine	AtLocation	china
machine	AtLocation	daily use
machine	AtLocation	hospital
machine	AtLocation	modern barn
machine	AtLocation	store
machine	AtLocation	kitchen
machine	AtLocation	build
machine	IsA	mechanical device
machine	IsA	robot
machine	IsA	car
machine	AtLocation	factory
machine	IsA	computer
booger	AtLocation	your nose
blowfish	AtLocation	sushi restaurant
blowfish	AtLocation	ocean
blowfish	AtLocation	book
blowfish	AtLocation	japanese sushi restaurant
blowfish	AtLocation	tropical water
blowfish	AtLocation	most tropical water
blowfish	AtLocation	coral reef
blowfish	AtLocation	japan restaurant
blowfish	AtLocation	japanese cuisine
blowfish	AtLocation	sushi bar
blowfish	AtLocation	japanese cook
blowfish	AtLocation	body of water
blowfish	AtLocation	salt-water river
blowfish	AtLocation	fish
blowfish	AtLocation	fishtank
blowfish	AtLocation	fish market
blowfish	AtLocation	sea
blowfish	AtLocation	water
blowfish	AtLocation	zoo
blowfish	AtLocation	restaurant
blowfish	AtLocation	salt water
blowfish	AtLocation	saltwater
blowfish	AtLocation	earth
blowfish	AtLocation	pet shop
blowfish	AtLocation	tropic
blowfish	AtLocation	great outdoors
blowfish	AtLocation	big fish tank
blowfish	AtLocation	saltwater aquarium
fast food	AtLocation	bowl alley
fast food	AtLocation	fast food restaurant
fast food	AtLocation	chain restaurant
fast food	AtLocation	styrofoam container
fast food	IsA	meal
fast food	IsA	food
shower curtain	AtLocation	shower stall
shower curtain	AtLocation	department store
shower curtain	IsA	water barrier
shower curtain	AtLocation	dime store
shower curtain	AtLocation	shower
passenger ticket	AtLocation	airlport
passenger ticket	AtLocation	train station
passenger ticket	AtLocation	your pocket
taxiway turn off	AtLocation	city
taxiway turn off	IsA	location
entryway	AtLocation	office build
entryway	AtLocation	hotel
entryway	AtLocation	build
attic	AtLocation	old house
attic	AtLocation	insulation
attic	AtLocation	dust
attic	AtLocation	junk
attic	AtLocation	trunk
pygmy	AtLocation	equatorial africa
cargo	AtLocation	boat
on off switch	AtLocation	room
on off switch	AtLocation	computer
on off switch	AtLocation	house
on off switch	AtLocation	your bedroom
net	AtLocation	fish boat
net	AtLocation	fisherman boat
net	AtLocation	boat
hairpin	AtLocation	woman hair
hairpin	AtLocation	bathroom cabinet drawer
hairpin	AtLocation	female hair
hairpin	AtLocation	makeup cabinet
deli store	AtLocation	mall
deli store	AtLocation	supermarket
suburban shop mall	AtLocation	unite state
suburban shop mall	AtLocation	suburb
kitchenette	AtLocation	house
kitchenette	AtLocation	apartment
kitchenette	AtLocation	one-room flat
restaurant storage area	AtLocation	restaurant
restaurant storage area	AtLocation	food
restaurant storage area	AtLocation	kitchen
mini bar	AtLocation	hotel room
mini bar	AtLocation	home
zombie	AtLocation	theater
zombie	AtLocation	show
zombie	AtLocation	horror movie
zombie	AtLocation	movie
zombie	IsA	undead
drunk person	AtLocation	bar
commit crime	IsA	civil faux pa
commit crime	IsA	against social good
commit crime	IsA	break law
jew	IsA	ethnic group
jew	AtLocation	office
jew	AtLocation	school
jew	AtLocation	temple
jew	AtLocation	at synagogue
jew	AtLocation	library
jew	AtLocation	classroom
usa	AtLocation	american continent
usa	IsA	on north american continent
usa	IsA	not always
usa	IsA	proud country
dildo	AtLocation	cunt
dildo	IsA	sex toy
dildo	IsA	pen
dildo	AtLocation	sex toy shop
formal logic	IsA	logic
ring theory	IsA	math
geometry	IsA	subject
geometry	IsA	branch of mathematics
geometry	IsA	mathematics
geometry	AtLocation	school
geometry	IsA	math
organism	AtLocation	ecology
organism	IsA	bacteria
organism	IsA	plant
knuckle	AtLocation	your finger
schizophrenia	IsA	mental illness
schizophrenia	IsA	mental disorder
schizophrenia	IsA	disease
latte	IsA	good coffe
latte	IsA	coffee like drink
latte	IsA	coffee
eat pussy	AtLocation	porn
foundation	AtLocation	closet
melon	AtLocation	country
melon	AtLocation	dinner
melon	AtLocation	store
melon	AtLocation	build
dvd player	AtLocation	electronics shop
dvd player	AtLocation	in your room
ice dance	IsA	sport
ice dance	IsA	dance
gamble	IsA	addicitve like crack cocaine
gamble	IsA	habit form
gamble	IsA	form of human entertainment
gamble	AtLocation	casino
lhasa apso	IsA	dog
greyhound	IsA	dog
greyhound	IsA	bus company
rottweiler	IsA	dog
poker table	AtLocation	casino
wolf	IsA	mammal
wolf	AtLocation	forest
brown bear	IsA	bear
lynx	IsA	cat
lynx	IsA	animal
employee	AtLocation	corporation
employee	AtLocation	sick in bed
employee	AtLocation	vacation
employee	AtLocation	dark
employee	AtLocation	meet
sandal	AtLocation	back door
sandal	IsA	open shoe for hot weather
titanic	IsA	grand ship
titanic	IsA	really gay movie in retrospect
titanic	IsA	not in fact unsinkable
titanic	AtLocation	sea
crayon	IsA	colorful stick of wax
asparagus	IsA	flower
asparagus	IsA	vegetable
lemon	IsA	citrus fruit
lemon	IsA	ice cream
lemon	IsA	domesticate plant
lemon	IsA	fruit or car
mole	IsA	mammal
mole	AtLocation	cia
mole	AtLocation	underground
mole	IsA	animal
sweater	IsA	clothe
sweater	AtLocation	drawer
sweater	IsA	piece of clothe
sweater	AtLocation	in drawer
sweater	AtLocation	wool
essence	IsA	cosmetic
roller blade	IsA	skate
eye cream	IsA	cosmetic
rice bowl	IsA	tableware
rice bowl	AtLocation	on table
palace	IsA	build
palace	IsA	place to live
postcard	AtLocation	post office
postcard	AtLocation	mail box
postcard	IsA	card
jump	IsA	activity
jump	IsA	healthy exercise
jump	IsA	challenge task for equestrian
jump	IsA	horse
personal computer	IsA	computer
personal computer	IsA	computer find primarily in home
dachshund	IsA	dog
dachshund	IsA	canine
michael jordan	IsA	basketball player
michael jordan	IsA	sportsman
michael jordan	IsA	good basketball player
cross	IsA	religous
cross	IsA	often
cross	IsA	execution device
cross	IsA	torture device
chihuahua	IsA	dog
plasma television	IsA	television
joy	IsA	dog
joy	IsA	state of transcendent happiness
class	IsA	group of student
class	AtLocation	school house
cell phone	IsA	telephone
cell phone	AtLocation	house
cell phone	IsA	call mobile phone
cell phone	AtLocation	store
cell phone	AtLocation	desk
spade	IsA	tool
spade	IsA	suit
knee	AtLocation	table
knee	IsA	joint
bacon	AtLocation	refridgerator
bacon	AtLocation	refrigerator
lunch	AtLocation	desk
graduate student	AtLocation	university
graduate student	IsA	student
skirt	IsA	clothe
skirt	AtLocation	closet
skirt	IsA	form of female attire
skirt	IsA	form of clothe
skirt	IsA	sort of half dress
skirt	IsA	form of clothe that wrap around your waist and leg
skirt	IsA	dress
sprite	IsA	soft drink
sprite	IsA	caffeine free beverage
gummi bear	IsA	candy
albatros	IsA	bird
pine	IsA	plant
pine	IsA	soft wood
pine	IsA	evergreen tree
pine	IsA	tree
football	IsA	contact sport
football	IsA	team sport
football	IsA	physical activity
football	IsA	sport person play
football	IsA	professional sport
football	IsA	very popular sport
football	IsA	american sport
football	IsA	activity
football	IsA	one type of game
football	IsA	human recreational activity
football	IsA	hobby
football	AtLocation	bottom of pile-up
football	IsA	not sphere
football	IsA	popular sprctator sport
football	IsA	call old pigskin
football	IsA	rough game
football	IsA	call pigskin
football	IsA	dumb macho sport
football	IsA	game human play
football	IsA	popular game
football	IsA	rough sport
football	IsA	olympic sport
football	IsA	game
tyrannosaurus rex	IsA	dinosaur
banana	IsA	yellow fruit
banana	IsA	tropical fruit
banana	AtLocation	monkey hand
banana	AtLocation	your stomach
banana	IsA	fruit
jocular gift might	IsA	practical joke
pew	AtLocation	in church
pew	AtLocation	at church
television studio	AtLocation	manchester
go to doctor	IsA	often about disease
go to doctor	IsA	smart thing to do
cockpit	AtLocation	in plane
cockpit	AtLocation	space shuttle
cockpit	AtLocation	pilot
life preserver	AtLocation	in boat
life preserver	IsA	flotation device
life preserver	AtLocation	lifeboat
life preserver	AtLocation	ship
bottle	AtLocation	nursery
bottle	IsA	container for fluid
bottle	AtLocation	grocery store
bottle	IsA	container for liquid
bottle	IsA	specific type of trash
bottle	IsA	one type of container
bottle	AtLocation	winery
bottle	AtLocation	shelf
bottle	AtLocation	shop
bottle	AtLocation	your pantry
bottle	AtLocation	mall
bottle	AtLocation	restaurant
bottle	AtLocation	cabinet
bottle	AtLocation	refrigerator
bottle	AtLocation	market
bottle	IsA	cast yellow shadow
bottle	AtLocation	vodka in toilet tank
bottle	AtLocation	liquor store
bottle	AtLocation	neck
bottle	AtLocation	water
bottle	IsA	container
bottle	AtLocation	beer
french restaurant	AtLocation	city
french restaurant	IsA	restaurant
french restaurant	AtLocation	nice part of town
plumbum	IsA	metal
weimariner	IsA	dog
pomeranian	IsA	dog
maltese	IsA	dog
leopard	IsA	carnivore
leopard	IsA	operate system
leopard	IsA	cat
in kitchen	AtLocation	knife
in kitchen	AtLocation	sink
miniskirt	IsA	abbreviate item of clothe
tv set	AtLocation	live room
tv set	AtLocation	friend house
tv set	AtLocation	house
blouse	IsA	clothe
blouse	IsA	form of clothe
dissertation	IsA	document type
office worker	IsA	job
your mother	AtLocation	kitchen
your mother	AtLocation	in kitchen
professor	AtLocation	at bob jones university
professor	IsA	occupation
professor	IsA	job
your stuff	AtLocation	storage room
lily	IsA	poisonous plant
lily	IsA	flower
icu	IsA	college
symphony	AtLocation	new york
symphony	IsA	what orchestra usually play
symphony	IsA	music
wed	AtLocation	church
wed	IsA	social event
wed	IsA	event type
wed	AtLocation	bride
frypan	AtLocation	in kitchen
foxtrot	IsA	dance
typhoon	AtLocation	water
daughter	IsA	relative
daughter	IsA	female child
daughter	IsA	girl
nazi	IsA	criminal
nazi	IsA	murderer
cobol	IsA	program language
ibm	IsA	company
ibm	IsA	computer manufacturer
ibm	IsA	computer
ibm	IsA	specific brand of pc
ibm	IsA	manufacturer of information process device
grasshopper	AtLocation	grass
grasshopper	AtLocation	field
partridge	IsA	bird
toucan	IsA	bird
prolog	IsA	program language
prolog	IsA	declarative program language
bowerbird	IsA	bird
starling	IsA	bird
tern	IsA	bird
wren	IsA	bird
lark	IsA	bird
lark	IsA	fun
pumpkin pie	IsA	dessert
rhinoceros	IsA	huge animal that have one or two horn-like spike on it head
rhinoceros	AtLocation	africa
rhinoceros	IsA	mammal
woodpecker	IsA	bird
electric eel	IsA	fish
england	IsA	place name
england	IsA	constitutional monarchy
england	IsA	country
england	AtLocation	pub
israel	IsA	democracy
egypt	IsA	country in africa
egypt	IsA	country
finland	IsA	country
bobcat	IsA	mammal
bobcat	IsA	animal
bobcat	IsA	cat
ethiopia	IsA	country
beetle	IsA	insect
molly hatchet	IsA	band
stripe bass	IsA	fish
prairie dog	IsA	animal
prairie dog	IsA	rodent
prairie dog	IsA	very cute animal
saudi arabia	IsA	country
crustacean	IsA	arthropod
crustacean	AtLocation	ocean
crustacean	IsA	shrimp
crustacean	IsA	crayfish
crustacean	IsA	animal
crustacean	IsA	crab
cicada	IsA	insect
rodent	IsA	small furry creature
rodent	IsA	small mammal
rodent	IsA	squirrel
rodent	IsA	mammal
rodent	IsA	animal
rodent	IsA	mouse
rodent	IsA	rat
baboon	IsA	primate
baboon	IsA	mammal
detroit	AtLocation	in michigan
cod	IsA	fish
cameroon	IsA	country
chile	IsA	country
bulgaria	IsA	country
bolivia	IsA	country
belize	IsA	country
afghanistan	IsA	country
afghanistan	IsA	tribal society
basic	IsA	program language
basic	IsA	computer language
c++	IsA	program language
c++	IsA	object orient program language
bore worker	AtLocation	cubicle
scratch	IsA	activity
vine	IsA	plant
vine	IsA	ivy
mushroom	AtLocation	in forest
mushroom	AtLocation	grocery store
mushroom	IsA	season vegetable
mushroom	IsA	not fruit
mushroom	AtLocation	grind
mushroom	AtLocation	pizza
mushroom	AtLocation	forest
mushroom	IsA	fungus
red pepper	AtLocation	pizza
sap	AtLocation	tree trunk
stained-glass window	AtLocation	church
crumb	AtLocation	floor
crumb	AtLocation	rug
crumb	AtLocation	box of cracker
crumb	AtLocation	breadbox
crumb	AtLocation	table
crumb	IsA	commonly
sunspot	AtLocation	sun
stamp	AtLocation	at post office
stamp	AtLocation	desk
stamp	AtLocation	drawer
stamp	IsA	fast than write
stamp	IsA	form of write
stamp	IsA	fast than write by hand
stamp	IsA	small print press
telephone number	AtLocation	telephone book
doorknob	AtLocation	front door
chinese person	AtLocation	china
chinese person	IsA	stupid and they smell bad
job	AtLocation	newspaper classify list
semen	AtLocation	test tube
semen	AtLocation	sperm bank
semen	AtLocation	porno
semen	AtLocation	porn
purse	AtLocation	department store
purse	AtLocation	my hand
purse	AtLocation	pocket
purse	AtLocation	handbag
purse	AtLocation	wallet
purse	AtLocation	coin
purse	AtLocation	lipstick
get marry	AtLocation	church
performer	AtLocation	opera
performer	AtLocation	at concert
performer	AtLocation	stage
performer	IsA	singer
camera	AtLocation	suitcase
camera	IsA	tool for take picture
camera	AtLocation	store
camera	AtLocation	shop
camera	AtLocation	backpack
camera	AtLocation	lens
alcoholic drink	AtLocation	pub
smile	IsA	sign of happiness
smile	AtLocation	house
smile	AtLocation	build
smile	AtLocation	theater
smile	AtLocation	store
smile	AtLocation	street
smile	IsA	outward sign of happy feel
smile	IsA	facial expression
smile	IsA	grin
many men	IsA	homosexual
some build	IsA	bad architecture
marriage	IsA	union between two person
marriage	IsA	about commitment
marriage	IsA	happy occasion
marriage	IsA	perform outdoors
marriage	IsA	social construct
marriage	IsA	illusion
marriage	IsA	important part of life
marriage	IsA	insitution
marriage	IsA	prison
marriage	IsA	instiution
marriage	IsA	not
marriage	IsA	social institution
marriage	IsA	person of different gender
marriage	IsA	not something
marriage	IsA	special bond between two person
marriage	IsA	ment to be forever
marriage	IsA	tax nonetheless
passport	IsA	form of identification
passport	IsA	essential document for traveller
passport	IsA	identification for other country
passport	IsA	valid form of identification
passport	IsA	documentation so
passport	IsA	form of personal identification
passport	IsA	document
alp	IsA	mountain range in europe
hatchet	IsA	common tool for chop wood
hatchet	IsA	easy to carry than ax
hatchet	IsA	cut tool
hatchet	IsA	tool
homosexuality	IsA	sexual orientation
nut	IsA	vegetarian food
nut	IsA	of more use when
nut	IsA	cashew
nut	IsA	peanut
nut	IsA	seed
nut	IsA	pecan
some thing	IsA	heavy than others
some thing	AtLocation	many person just cannot do well
some thing	IsA	abstract some be concrete
skink	IsA	lizard
skink	IsA	small lizard
light bulb	IsA	invention
light bulb	IsA	light source
light bulb	AtLocation	lamp
light bulb	IsA	great idea to use electricity
pin	AtLocation	bowl alley
pin	IsA	sharp and can hurt person
pin	IsA	s
pin	IsA	sharp and can hold object
person kiss when they	IsA	in love
twister	IsA	tornado
rubber	IsA	malliable substance
rubber	IsA	another name for condom
rubber	AtLocation	drug store
rubber	AtLocation	drugstore
rubber	IsA	polymer
rubber	AtLocation	pencil case
rubber	AtLocation	bedside table
rubber	IsA	funny word
rubber	IsA	chewy
rubber	IsA	elastic material
rubber	IsA	good insulator
rubber	AtLocation	condom store
rubber	AtLocation	tire
black and white	IsA	opposite
black and white	IsA	both formal color
black and white	IsA	opposite color
plant leave	IsA	green sometimes
plant leave	IsA	green because of chlorophylle
rubber duck	IsA	bath toy
rubber duck	IsA	tub toy
rubber duck	IsA	good bath toy
rubber duck	IsA	toy for bathtub
rubber duck	IsA	bath toy for child
rubber duck	IsA	bathtub toy
rubber duck	IsA	wonderful bath toy
rubber duck	IsA	usually
rubber duck	IsA	often
rubber duck	IsA	call rubber duckie
rubber duck	IsA	toy
human eye	IsA	sensitive and complex organ
human eye	IsA	work of genius
human eye	IsA	complex structure
human eye	IsA	very complicate structure
frame	IsA	place around paint
frame	IsA	place for picture
frame	IsA	hold picture or document
penguin look like they	IsA	wear tuxedo
penguin look like they	IsA	wear dinner jacket
golf club	IsA	wood and iron
golf club	IsA	tool for grow human
golf club	IsA	easy to carry in bag
golf club	IsA	often
photography	IsA	form of art
photography	IsA	use light to capture image
photography	IsA	art
old person	IsA	wrinklier than young person
old person	IsA	wize
old person	IsA	exercise
jail	IsA	place
jail	AtLocation	county courthouse
jail	IsA	build that hold person
jail	AtLocation	criminal
jail	AtLocation	inmate
jail	AtLocation	bar
jail	AtLocation	prisoner
mozart	IsA	human
mozart	IsA	person
mozart	IsA	great composer
mozart	IsA	famous composer
mozart	IsA	austrian composer
mozart	IsA	brilliant musical composer
human be	AtLocation	street
human be	IsA	another name for person
human be	IsA	very complex creature
human be	IsA	reproduce at unsustainable level
this person	IsA	rock climb
this person	IsA	hold cigarette
this person	IsA	not in good situation
this person	IsA	medical doctor
this person	IsA	paddle
this person	IsA	form of transport
this person	IsA	hike
this person	IsA	rappel down rock face
this person	IsA	ski
this person	IsA	lie on floor
this person	IsA	hold pipe in his hand
this dog	AtLocation	car
capital of unite state	IsA	washington dc
capital of unite state	IsA	washington d.c
fatigue	IsA	deadly problem on australian road
dresser	AtLocation	home
dresser	IsA	piece of furniture
dresser	AtLocation	in bedroom
dresser	AtLocation	drawer
dresser	AtLocation	house
opera singer	AtLocation	opera
air bubble	AtLocation	water
data	IsA	information fact and figure
data	AtLocation	internet
data	AtLocation	storage media
data	AtLocation	hard disc
data	IsA	store fact
data	IsA	information
data	AtLocation	database
data	IsA	android
tree frog	AtLocation	forest
bureau	AtLocation	bedroom
bureau	IsA	division of government
bureau	AtLocation	city
bureau	AtLocation	office build
bureau	AtLocation	office
icecubes	AtLocation	freezer
december	IsA	month
abortion	AtLocation	abortion clinic
abortion	AtLocation	hospital
abortion	AtLocation	clinic
dead leave	AtLocation	forest
dead leave	AtLocation	undergrowth
dead leave	AtLocation	pile
clutter	AtLocation	office
clutter	AtLocation	your desk
clutter	AtLocation	house
clutter	IsA	condition of modern live
sex toy	AtLocation	bedroom
sex toy	AtLocation	sex toy shop
bully	IsA	person
bully	IsA	health and safety risk
bully	AtLocation	school
ballet	AtLocation	dancer
ballet	IsA	dance
kettle	AtLocation	kitchen
kettle	IsA	pot
young child	AtLocation	kindergarten
young child	IsA	torture by have ball
young child	IsA	very impressionable
cardboard	AtLocation	recycle bin
cardboard	AtLocation	warehouse
cardboard	IsA	paper product
cardboard	AtLocation	box
marble cake	IsA	cake
orange and apple	IsA	fruit
market	AtLocation	city
market	IsA	location
market	IsA	fashion our culture
market	AtLocation	fruit
market	AtLocation	produce
market	AtLocation	food
market	AtLocation	fish
tounge	AtLocation	your mouth
dracula	IsA	vampire
garnet	IsA	stone
garnet	IsA	semi-precious stone
garnet	IsA	precious stone
garnet	IsA	birth stone
undead	IsA	zombie
asphalt	AtLocation	freeway
lock	AtLocation	front door
lock	IsA	security device
lock	IsA	keep other person out
lock	AtLocation	locker room
lock	IsA	padlock
lock	AtLocation	door
berry	IsA	seed of plant
paperback book	AtLocation	bookstore
wax	IsA	fuel
wax	AtLocation	floor
bath	AtLocation	your house
bath	IsA	mean of clean
bath	AtLocation	in house
bath	AtLocation	water
bath	AtLocation	bathroom
hospital	AtLocation	city
hospital	AtLocation	big city
hospital	AtLocation	town
hospital	AtLocation	nice part of town
hospital	AtLocation	medicine
hospital	AtLocation	illness
hospital	AtLocation	injury
hospital	AtLocation	disease
hospital	AtLocation	doctor
hospital	AtLocation	bed
most leave	IsA	bilaterally symmetric
liquor glass	AtLocation	pub
liquor glass	AtLocation	bar
liquor glass	AtLocation	barroom
algae	AtLocation	swim pool
algae	AtLocation	water
instrument organ	AtLocation	church
fridge	AtLocation	home
fridge	AtLocation	magnet
fridge	AtLocation	milk
fridge	AtLocation	water
fridge	AtLocation	food
fridge	AtLocation	cheese
fridge	AtLocation	kitchen
fridge	AtLocation	beer
good assertion	IsA	statement
comedy	IsA	humorous show
comedy	IsA	specific type of movie
dental assistant	AtLocation	dentist
guilt	AtLocation	church
herringbone	AtLocation	herring
protestors	AtLocation	demonstration
night table	AtLocation	furniture store
encyclopedia	IsA	reference book
encyclopedia	AtLocation	knowledge
cardinal	IsA	bishop
cardinal	IsA	bird
cardinal	IsA	number
chickadee	IsA	bird
university	IsA	place
university	AtLocation	florida
university	IsA	educational institution
university	IsA	educational facility
university	IsA	school
university	AtLocation	education
people	AtLocation	wed
monument	AtLocation	city
monument	AtLocation	state park
monument	AtLocation	public garden
cheeseburger	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
horseshoe crab	AtLocation	beach
your car key	AtLocation	pocket
your car key	AtLocation	table
drink fountain	AtLocation	rest area
exit turnstile	AtLocation	subway
break car	AtLocation	repair shop
break car	AtLocation	mechanic shop
senior	AtLocation	high school
senior	AtLocation	republican party
senior	AtLocation	old folk home
senior	AtLocation	graduation picture
senior	AtLocation	senior center
duplex	IsA	house
duplex	AtLocation	city
duplex	IsA	apartment build
duplex	IsA	build
duplex	AtLocation	project
duplex	AtLocation	major city
pallbearer	AtLocation	funeral
stream	AtLocation	wood
stream	AtLocation	mud
stream	IsA	small body of flow water
stream	IsA	often
stream	AtLocation	forest
stream	AtLocation	fish
superhighway	AtLocation	city
superhighway	AtLocation	america
superhighway	IsA	large road
bull	IsA	team
bull	IsA	male cow
bull	IsA	male animal
bull	AtLocation	farm
bull	AtLocation	bullring
bull	AtLocation	horn
iowa	IsA	state
indiana	IsA	state
oklahoma	IsA	state
oklahoma	IsA	tornado alley
kansa	IsA	state
kentucky	IsA	state
wisconsin	IsA	state
thirty-seven	IsA	number
one	AtLocation	far away from here
one	IsA	two
lime	IsA	citrus fruit
lime	IsA	fruit
grain	AtLocation	sand in beach
scrabble	IsA	board game
dress	IsA	form of clothe
dress	AtLocation	refrigerator
dress	IsA	put on
dress	IsA	clothe
sculpt gel	AtLocation	bathroom
sculpt gel	AtLocation	hair salon
sculpt gel	AtLocation	beauty shop
amphitheatre	AtLocation	greece
amphitheatre	AtLocation	park
beauty salon	AtLocation	mall
beauty salon	AtLocation	clerk
beauty salon	AtLocation	city
tent	IsA	temporary shelter
tent	AtLocation	new mexico
spelunk	IsA	dangerous yet excite
filbert	IsA	nut
ranch	AtLocation	rural area of unite state
ranch	AtLocation	nevada
ranch	IsA	property
ranch	IsA	house style
ranch	AtLocation	cow
lawn	AtLocation	unite state
lawn	AtLocation	front yard
lawn	AtLocation	back yard
lawn	IsA	area of grass
lawn	AtLocation	north america
lawn	AtLocation	your yard
lawn	IsA	area of trim grass
lawn	AtLocation	nice part of town
lawn	AtLocation	suburb
lawn	AtLocation	grass
lawn	AtLocation	yard
woolen fabric	AtLocation	sweater
woolen fabric	AtLocation	woolen clothe
woolen fabric	AtLocation	fabric store
textile	AtLocation	fabric store
textile	AtLocation	discount fabric store
textile	AtLocation	art gallery
textile	IsA	commodity
textile	IsA	cloth
textile	AtLocation	factory
storey	AtLocation	build
storey	AtLocation	book
dead person	AtLocation	funeral
dead person	IsA	burried in graveyard
dead person	IsA	find lie on grind
dead person	AtLocation	war
javascript	IsA	program language
solaris	IsA	operate system
stairway	AtLocation	build with multiple floor
stairway	AtLocation	two story house
surface	AtLocation	geometry
surface	IsA	road
surface	AtLocation	lake
surface	IsA	submarine
drill	AtLocation	garage
drill	AtLocation	work shop
drill	AtLocation	toolbox
drill	AtLocation	dentist office
drill	IsA	device
prayer book	AtLocation	church
strange	AtLocation	bus station
strange	IsA	unknown factor
strange	AtLocation	paradise
strange	IsA	weird
silence	AtLocation	library
front yard	AtLocation	front of house
front yard	AtLocation	neighborhood
abelian group	IsA	group
sole proprietorship	IsA	business
duck in	AtLocation	pond
place mat	AtLocation	table
computer monitor	AtLocation	table
computer monitor	AtLocation	desk
garbage can	AtLocation	alley
garbage can	AtLocation	garage
garbage can	AtLocation	your own backyard
carton of milk	AtLocation	refrigerator
carton of milk	AtLocation	store
carton of milk	AtLocation	fridge
hot chick	AtLocation	school
passage	AtLocation	diary
passage	AtLocation	labyrinth
fry pan	AtLocation	kitchen cabinet
fry pan	AtLocation	galley
hide-a-bed sofa	IsA	commonly
every person	IsA	child of two person
president of something	IsA	it leader
vote record of politician	IsA	matter of public interest
brother and sister	IsA	sibling
round brush	AtLocation	bathroom
round brush	AtLocation	department store
foot rest	AtLocation	desk
night stand	AtLocation	bedroom
green pepper	IsA	vegetable
green pepper	AtLocation	pizza
starfish	AtLocation	sea
daisy	AtLocation	in meadow
daisy	IsA	flower
daisy	AtLocation	field
bake bread	AtLocation	oven
linen	AtLocation	dresser drawer
linen	AtLocation	linen closet
linen	AtLocation	cabinet
linen	AtLocation	hospital
linen	IsA	fabric
linen	IsA	cloth
alcoholic beverage	AtLocation	bar
alcoholic beverage	IsA	beverage
hall	IsA	passage way
hall	AtLocation	any build
solar system	AtLocation	jupitor
fight	AtLocation	hockey game
fight	IsA	war
moon dust	AtLocation	moon
moon dust	AtLocation	suface of moon
fortune	IsA	lot of money
fortune	AtLocation	bank
fortune	IsA	prediction of future
fortune	IsA	prediction about future
fortune	AtLocation	shrine
fortune	IsA	example of pseudo-science
fortune	IsA	bullshit
fortune	IsA	something valuable
woodwind instrument	AtLocation	concert band
woodwind instrument	AtLocation	school orchestra
woodwind instrument	AtLocation	music store
sidewalk	IsA	not for sex
sidewalk	AtLocation	street corner
sidewalk	IsA	concrete path
sidewalk	AtLocation	nice part of town
towel rack	IsA	often
towel rack	AtLocation	bathroom
fox in	AtLocation	fox hunt
shop center	AtLocation	suburb
shop center	IsA	airconditioned to stay cool in summer
boulevard	IsA	street
boulevard	AtLocation	city
water spout	AtLocation	sink
water spout	AtLocation	yard
water spout	AtLocation	florida
ring toss	IsA	game
curator	AtLocation	museum
escalator	AtLocation	department store
escalator	AtLocation	store
homeless	AtLocation	bridge
overflow	AtLocation	flood area
overflow	AtLocation	sewer
asteroid	IsA	remnant planet
asteroid	AtLocation	outer space
asteroid	AtLocation	between mar and jupiter
asteroid	AtLocation	orbit around sun
asteroid	IsA	space rock
asteroid	IsA	big rock adrift in space
asteroid	AtLocation	outerspace
asteroid	AtLocation	space
beet	AtLocation	jar
beet	IsA	domesticate plant
pickle	AtLocation	pickle barrel
pickle	IsA	can cucumber
pickle	AtLocation	in jar
pickle	AtLocation	refrigerator
pickle	AtLocation	container
pickle	AtLocation	jar
pickle	AtLocation	hamburger
pickle	IsA	cucumber
rake	IsA	garden tool
rake	AtLocation	garage
meteorite	IsA	meteor
meteorite	IsA	stone
anorexia	IsA	eat disorder
astronomy	IsA	fun hobby
tugboat	IsA	boat
coffin	AtLocation	underground
coffin	AtLocation	grind
coffin	AtLocation	funeral
coffin	IsA	box
coffin	AtLocation	body
dna	IsA	complex molecule
dna	IsA	double strand molecule
dna	IsA	nature way of program live creature
dna	IsA	nature instruction
dna	AtLocation	cell
microsoft	IsA	software company
microsoft	IsA	produce software
microsoft	IsA	computer software company
microsoft	IsA	greedy corporation
microsoft	IsA	register trademark of microsoft corporation
microsoft	IsA	corporation
microsoft	IsA	monopoly
attache case	AtLocation	office
attache case	AtLocation	businessperson hand
attache case	IsA	brief case
attache case	AtLocation	chair
attache case	AtLocation	hospital
air condition	AtLocation	office
roommate	AtLocation	apartment
break bone	IsA	injury
amiga	IsA	computer
pike	IsA	weapon with long handle
pike	AtLocation	fresh water lake and river
pike	AtLocation	lake
pike	AtLocation	river
crocodile	IsA	reptile
la vega	AtLocation	casino
subway token	AtLocation	subway
subway token	IsA	small metal disc
subway token	AtLocation	subway tunnel
london	IsA	city in england
london	IsA	place name
london	IsA	place
london	AtLocation	country
cricket	AtLocation	refrigerator
cricket	IsA	game
cricket	IsA	sport
bay window	AtLocation	live room
color	AtLocation	tie-dye
color	AtLocation	forest
color	AtLocation	beach
color	AtLocation	refrigerator
color	AtLocation	desk
color	AtLocation	fridge
color	IsA	attribute of object
color	IsA	green
color	IsA	red
color	IsA	yellow
color	IsA	pink
color	IsA	brown
color	IsA	black
color	IsA	blue
lisp	IsA	functional program language
lisp	IsA	program language
wrapper	AtLocation	waste bin
wrapper	IsA	material
meatloaf	AtLocation	oven
toothbrush bristle	AtLocation	your toothbrush
toothbrush bristle	AtLocation	bathroom
saliva	AtLocation	your mouth
saliva	AtLocation	water
gay men	AtLocation	closet
contraceptive	AtLocation	pharmacy
contraceptive	AtLocation	drug store
contraceptive	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
contraceptive	AtLocation	vagina
contraceptive	AtLocation	health center
contraceptive	AtLocation	nightstand
television show	AtLocation	television
ball bear	AtLocation	wheel
ball bear	AtLocation	high quality motor
remote control	AtLocation	back of sofa
remote control	IsA	device
remote control	AtLocation	tv
remote control	AtLocation	live room
fire engine	IsA	truck
fire engine	IsA	vehicle with wheel
fire engine	IsA	vehicle
fire engine	IsA	large and usually red
fire engine	AtLocation	road
patient	AtLocation	dentist
patient	AtLocation	doctor office
patient	AtLocation	table
patient	AtLocation	wait room
patient	AtLocation	dentist charr
auditorium	AtLocation	town
auditorium	AtLocation	theatre
auditorium	AtLocation	high school
auditorium	AtLocation	light
auditorium	AtLocation	stage
pound	IsA	unit of measure of weight
pound	IsA	currency
pound	AtLocation	dog
tenant	AtLocation	apartment
chimeny	AtLocation	roof
statistic	IsA	branch of mathematics
statistic	IsA	model not real world
statistic	AtLocation	number
dry storage	AtLocation	warehouse
dry storage	AtLocation	pantry
person walk dog	AtLocation	park
loaf	AtLocation	breadbox
loaf	AtLocation	hammock
society	IsA	group of person
society	AtLocation	any group of person
society	IsA	large group of person
society	IsA	group of human
society	AtLocation	population
congressman	IsA	member of congress
moviegoer	AtLocation	movie
bookend	AtLocation	shelf
bookend	AtLocation	library
bookend	AtLocation	bookshelf
turnstile	AtLocation	train station
turnstile	AtLocation	amusement park
turnstile	AtLocation	concert venue
faith	AtLocation	synagogue
faith	AtLocation	cathedral
faith	AtLocation	confession
faith	AtLocation	church
faith	IsA	trust
experiment	AtLocation	laboratory
noise	IsA	unwelcome sound
noise	AtLocation	place where there be air
noise	AtLocation	factory
noise	AtLocation	your transmission
noise	AtLocation	work
compact disc	IsA	recorder with laser
baritone	IsA	male singer
baritone	IsA	musical instrument
timetable	AtLocation	train station
timetable	AtLocation	bus depot
brook	AtLocation	country
brook	AtLocation	outdoors
brook	AtLocation	glenn
brook	IsA	small stream of water
attach case	AtLocation	office
attach case	AtLocation	courtroom
attach case	AtLocation	embassy
connection	AtLocation	telephone network
connection	AtLocation	computer network
connection	AtLocation	electrical circuit
connection	AtLocation	freeway
chess bishop	AtLocation	chess game
chess bishop	AtLocation	chess
chess bishop	AtLocation	game room
chesterfield	AtLocation	live room
chesterfield	IsA	brand of cigarette
chesterfield	AtLocation	museum
chesterfield	IsA	piece of furniture
land of oz	AtLocation	rainbow
petri dish	AtLocation	chemistry lab
pill	AtLocation	cabinet
pill	IsA	form of medication
pill	AtLocation	bottle
pill	AtLocation	purse
pill	AtLocation	desk
pill	AtLocation	bathroom
pill	AtLocation	medicine bottle
pill	AtLocation	medicine cabinet
pill	IsA	drug
co-worker	AtLocation	work
co-worker	AtLocation	water cool
co-worker	AtLocation	office
kleenex	AtLocation	pocket
barbershop	AtLocation	shop mall
barbershop	AtLocation	town
barbershop	AtLocation	razor
barbershop	AtLocation	large hotel
barbershop	AtLocation	mall
barbershop	AtLocation	nice part of town
i	AtLocation	chicago
i	AtLocation	hawaaii
i	AtLocation	surf
i	AtLocation	arizona
i	AtLocation	san diego
i	AtLocation	new york
i	AtLocation	palo alto
i	AtLocation	frisco
i	AtLocation	oregon
i	AtLocation	west virgina
i	AtLocation	virgina
i	AtLocation	colorado
i	AtLocation	alabama
i	AtLocation	maine
i	AtLocation	new hampshire
i	AtLocation	alaska
i	AtLocation	massachusits
i	AtLocation	florida
i	AtLocation	texas
i	AtLocation	tulsa
i	AtLocation	nevada
i	AtLocation	oaklahoma
i	AtLocation	fly
i	AtLocation	washington
i	AtLocation	sit here
i	AtLocation	home
i	AtLocation	grossenhainer strasse
i	AtLocation	dresden
i	AtLocation	dresden university
i	AtLocation	my bed
i	AtLocation	chess tournament
i	IsA	nice person
i	IsA	make sanwiches
i	IsA	here
i	IsA	not be both example of contraction
clip	AtLocation	office
clip	AtLocation	office build
clip	AtLocation	accessory store
clip	IsA	short video segment
poem	AtLocation	poetry book
poem	AtLocation	book of poetry
poem	IsA	story
sin	IsA	bad meme
sin	AtLocation	confession
train ticket	AtLocation	train depot
train ticket	AtLocation	ticket office
train ticket	AtLocation	conductor hand
train ticket	AtLocation	purse
comforter	AtLocation	bedroom
comforter	AtLocation	cedar chest
comforter	IsA	chair
pig foot	AtLocation	jar
backpack	AtLocation	pencil
backpack	AtLocation	school
luggage	AtLocation	luggage rack
luggage	AtLocation	at airport
luggage	AtLocation	bus depot
luggage	AtLocation	my closet
luggage	AtLocation	bus stop
luggage	AtLocation	automobile trunk
luggage	AtLocation	airplane
launch platform	AtLocation	nasa
launch platform	AtLocation	cape canaveral
launch platform	AtLocation	cape canaveral florida
launch platform	AtLocation	florida
launch platform	AtLocation	large open area
launch platform	AtLocation	aircraft carrier
launch platform	AtLocation	kennedy space center
launch platform	AtLocation	shuttle base
bookmark	AtLocation	bookstore
mold	AtLocation	refrigerator
mold	AtLocation	cellar
mold	AtLocation	breadbox
mold	IsA	cheese
rich person	AtLocation	opera
rich person	AtLocation	gallery open
rich person	AtLocation	casino
rich person	AtLocation	rich person house
rich person	AtLocation	mansion
spanish restaurant	AtLocation	spain
spanish restaurant	AtLocation	rice
spanish restaurant	AtLocation	most city
spanish restaurant	AtLocation	nice part of town
fluoride mouthwash	AtLocation	most drug store
fluoride mouthwash	AtLocation	bathroom
accordion	AtLocation	music store
accordion	IsA	musical instrument
accordion	IsA	instrument
box office	AtLocation	cinemaplex
box office	AtLocation	theater
box office	AtLocation	theater district
box office	AtLocation	cinema
soup	AtLocation	supermarket
soup	AtLocation	jar
soup	IsA	good food
soup	IsA	light meal
soup	IsA	commonly
soup	IsA	food
soup	AtLocation	can
correction fluid	AtLocation	desk drawer
correction fluid	AtLocation	desk
correction fluid	AtLocation	office build
drain	AtLocation	swim pool
drain	IsA	egress for waste water
drain	AtLocation	hair
tennis game	AtLocation	tennis court
tennis game	AtLocation	wimbleton
tennis game	AtLocation	park
liquid	IsA	state of matter
liquid	AtLocation	in bottle
liquid	AtLocation	drink glass
liquid	IsA	easily
liquid	IsA	juice
liquid	IsA	mercury
liquid	IsA	drink
liquid	IsA	wine
liquid	IsA	milk
speed limit sign	AtLocation	freeway
report	IsA	real story
report	IsA	story
refrigerator freezer	AtLocation	rent to own shop
refrigerator freezer	AtLocation	kitchen
refrigerator freezer	AtLocation	store
slack	IsA	form of clothe
slack	IsA	pant
butterfly	AtLocation	meadow
butterfly	AtLocation	butterfly bush
butterfly	IsA	insect
speed car	AtLocation	freeway
subway platform	AtLocation	new york city
subway platform	AtLocation	underground
subway platform	AtLocation	subway station
subway platform	IsA	part of subway station
subway platform	IsA	noisy place
thruway	AtLocation	heavily populate area
city hall	AtLocation	town
city hall	AtLocation	city
your hand	AtLocation	pocket
lawnmowers	AtLocation	garage
lawnmowers	AtLocation	lawnmower repair shop
reception	IsA	great celebration
reception	AtLocation	country club
reception	AtLocation	church basement
reception	AtLocation	hotel
mess	AtLocation	your desk
mess	AtLocation	teenager bedroom
mess	AtLocation	apartment
carrier bag	AtLocation	supermarket
mildew	AtLocation	basement
napkin	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
napkin	AtLocation	fork
sale person	AtLocation	shop
barber shop	AtLocation	high street
card case	AtLocation	brief ca
card case	AtLocation	card collector house
paper fastener	AtLocation	desk drawer
paper fastener	AtLocation	office
flare gun	AtLocation	boat
luggage trolley	AtLocation	airport terminal
gunk	AtLocation	refrigerator
yoyo	AtLocation	toystore or craftstore
yoyo	AtLocation	childrens toy box
yoyo	AtLocation	toy shop
yoyo	IsA	thing of past
yoyo	AtLocation	toy store
contralto	AtLocation	concert
old photograph	AtLocation	trunk
old photograph	AtLocation	attic
old photograph	AtLocation	relative house
bookshelf	AtLocation	room
bookshelf	IsA	for store book
bookshelf	AtLocation	home
bookshelf	AtLocation	bookstore
bookshelf	IsA	commonly
bookshelf	AtLocation	library
long line	AtLocation	airport
heat source	AtLocation	house
platform rail	AtLocation	train station
saddle	AtLocation	stable
saddle	IsA	equipment
underground map	AtLocation	subway
underground map	AtLocation	library
underground map	AtLocation	london
underground map	AtLocation	county engineer office
child draw	AtLocation	fridge
woodwind family	AtLocation	school band
bench to sit on	AtLocation	park
bench to sit on	AtLocation	train station
high price	AtLocation	airport
goofy	AtLocation	disneyland
gravy boat	AtLocation	cupboard
mat	AtLocation	bathroom
mat	AtLocation	house
mat	IsA	small rug
mat	AtLocation	carpet
chipmunk	AtLocation	park
bus schedule	AtLocation	bus depot
bus schedule	AtLocation	bus stop
phillies	IsA	team
phillies	IsA	professional baseball team
product	IsA	result
alabama	IsA	state
ohio	IsA	state
kitchen table	AtLocation	kitchen
kitchen table	AtLocation	furniture store
break item	AtLocation	repair shop
salad shaker	AtLocation	mc donalds
salad shaker	AtLocation	hand
television program	AtLocation	television
television program	IsA	program
shop cart	AtLocation	market
shop cart	AtLocation	grocery store
shop cart	AtLocation	shop
your possession	AtLocation	your house
your possession	AtLocation	at your house
person wait for bus	AtLocation	bus stop
person wait for bus	AtLocation	bus depot
gel	AtLocation	tube
gel	IsA	often
gel	AtLocation	theatrical light
gel	AtLocation	bathroom
placemat	AtLocation	table
desk tray	AtLocation	house
hot air	IsA	light than cold air
hot air	IsA	light than cool air
lot of dust	AtLocation	refrigerator
coach airplane seat	AtLocation	most airplane
coach airplane seat	AtLocation	commercial airliner
first floor	IsA	grind floor
satchel bag	AtLocation	classroom
luggage carrier	AtLocation	airplane
luggage carrier	AtLocation	airport terminal
registry office	AtLocation	office build
registry office	AtLocation	town
hot table	AtLocation	kitchen
deli	AtLocation	new york city
deli	AtLocation	town
thing that	IsA	often
thing that	IsA	round will roll
thing that	IsA	typically in office desk
lawn ornament	AtLocation	lawn
wed cake	AtLocation	wed
wed cake	AtLocation	at friend wed
british	IsA	pansy
dine area	AtLocation	resturant
dine area	IsA	place where person eat
dine area	AtLocation	restaurant
dine area	AtLocation	cruise ship
fresh fruit and vegetable	AtLocation	grocery store
bus pass	AtLocation	bus station
bus pass	AtLocation	your pocket
bus pass	AtLocation	wallet
vein	IsA	blood vessel
bird and reptile	IsA	vertebrate
george bush	AtLocation	war
george bush	IsA	president
george bush	IsA	murder
george bush	IsA	right-wing president
apartment house	AtLocation	any city
apartment house	IsA	place where many person live
apple tree in	AtLocation	back yard
apple tree in	AtLocation	large field
sheet	AtLocation	paper in notebook
sheet	AtLocation	linen store
sheet	AtLocation	in bed
sheet	AtLocation	drawer
sheet	AtLocation	home
sheet	AtLocation	closet
sheet	AtLocation	house
sheet	AtLocation	linen closet
reference desk	AtLocation	library
wine cellar	AtLocation	basement
wine cellar	AtLocation	house
chain	AtLocation	garage
chain	IsA	useful tool
chain	AtLocation	hardware store
chain	AtLocation	gear shift
chain	AtLocation	shed
hot air balloon	AtLocation	air
hot air balloon	AtLocation	sky
hot air balloon	AtLocation	in sky
hot air balloon	IsA	light than air
hot air balloon	IsA	form of air transportation
hot air balloon	IsA	one way to fly
hot air balloon	IsA	good source for advertise
hot air balloon	IsA	example of archimedes principle
hot air balloon	IsA	one method of air travel
naughty child	AtLocation	corner
cellulose	IsA	polymer
step chair	AtLocation	garage
step chair	AtLocation	house
step chair	AtLocation	utility room
step chair	AtLocation	kitchen
large wave	AtLocation	ocean
entertainment	AtLocation	casino
entertainment	IsA	distraction
entertainment	AtLocation	friend house
entertainment	AtLocation	movie
pollution	AtLocation	street
pollution	AtLocation	sea
pollution	AtLocation	car show
pollution	AtLocation	ocean
pollution	AtLocation	outside
pollution	AtLocation	car
pollution	AtLocation	antarctica
pollution	AtLocation	washington
pollution	AtLocation	chicago
pollution	AtLocation	rome
pollution	AtLocation	lake
pollution	AtLocation	arkansas
pollution	AtLocation	sky
pollution	AtLocation	california
pollution	AtLocation	canada
pollution	AtLocation	lake superior
pollution	AtLocation	lawn
pollution	AtLocation	underwater
pollution	IsA	world wide problem
pollution	AtLocation	industrialize area
pollution	AtLocation	air
grocery store	AtLocation	town
grocery store	AtLocation	city
grocery store	AtLocation	shop center or strip mall
grocery store	AtLocation	neighborhood
grocery store	IsA	store
weed	AtLocation	field
weed	AtLocation	lawn
nebula	IsA	cloud of gas in space
nebula	IsA	gas and dust cloud
greed	IsA	emotion
greed	IsA	bad emotion
unmatched sock	AtLocation	sock drawer
buick	IsA	brand of car
buick	IsA	manufacturer of car
fountain	AtLocation	grant park chicago
fountain	AtLocation	city
fountain	AtLocation	town
fountain	AtLocation	forest
fountain	AtLocation	rome
rage against machine	IsA	rock band
shake hand	IsA	important social practice
shake hand	IsA	form of greet among human
shake hand	IsA	gesture
hair accessory	AtLocation	bathroom
hair accessory	AtLocation	drug store
ticket counter	AtLocation	train station
exhibit	AtLocation	museum
blow dry	AtLocation	bathroom
antifreeze	AtLocation	garage
note pad	AtLocation	your desk
postal counter	AtLocation	mail room of business
postal counter	AtLocation	office
cocktail cabinet	AtLocation	dine room
cocktail cabinet	AtLocation	bar
grain of sand	AtLocation	my eye
grain of sand	AtLocation	sand pile
science	IsA	method to understand world
science	IsA	mankind great adventure
science	AtLocation	class
science	AtLocation	classroom
science	AtLocation	library
science	IsA	often
science	AtLocation	university
science	IsA	art
science	IsA	anatomy
science	IsA	biology
science	IsA	chemistry
rose by any other name	IsA	rose
department store	AtLocation	city
department store	AtLocation	mall
department store	AtLocation	shop mall
toy marble	AtLocation	toy chest
toy marble	AtLocation	kid pocket
toy marble	AtLocation	kid room
swingset	AtLocation	park
swingset	IsA	playground equipment
convertible	IsA	car
cold storage	AtLocation	refrigerator
ticket box	AtLocation	theater
ticket box	AtLocation	stadium or theatre
ticket box	AtLocation	station
bacteria	AtLocation	water
bacteria	AtLocation	your finger
bacteria	IsA	one cause of illness
bacteria	IsA	everywhere
bacteria	IsA	prokaryotic
bacteria	AtLocation	septic tank
bacteria	AtLocation	petri dish
bacteria	AtLocation	human mouth
bacteria	AtLocation	skin
bacteria	IsA	organism
lizard in crack	AtLocation	wall
discussion	AtLocation	meet
paint line	AtLocation	street
cereal bowl	AtLocation	cupboard
cereal bowl	AtLocation	kitchen cabinet
cereal bowl	AtLocation	kitchen
piece of information	IsA	abstract concept
napkin holder	AtLocation	table
beggar	AtLocation	street
acne medication	AtLocation	teenager purse
acne medication	AtLocation	pharmacy
acne medication	AtLocation	tube
acne medication	AtLocation	drug store
bathtub	AtLocation	motel
bathtub	AtLocation	expensive hotel
bathtub	AtLocation	bathroom
bathtub	AtLocation	water
barbecue	IsA	mean of cook usually meat
barbecue	IsA	meal that be cook outdoors
barbecue	AtLocation	retail store
barbecue	AtLocation	at camp site
barbecue	IsA	use outdoors
barbecue	AtLocation	charcoal
barbecue	AtLocation	backyard
landmass	AtLocation	atlas
landmass	AtLocation	sea
one person chair	AtLocation	dine room
one person chair	AtLocation	office
one person chair	AtLocation	airplane
one person chair	AtLocation	room
cavity	AtLocation	your tooth
cavity	AtLocation	molar
cavity	IsA	decay hole in your tooth
cavity	IsA	hole in enamel of tooth
cavity	AtLocation	tooth
mechanical pencil	AtLocation	architect office
mechanical pencil	AtLocation	classroom
mechanical pencil	AtLocation	desk drawer
mechanical pencil	IsA	write instrument
mechanical pencil	AtLocation	engineer pocket protector
index card drawer	AtLocation	file cabinet
roulette wheel	AtLocation	casino
file cabinet	AtLocation	office
file cabinet	AtLocation	desk
can of bean	AtLocation	cupboard
can of bean	AtLocation	shelf
can of bean	AtLocation	supermarket
entertainer	AtLocation	show
front courtyard	AtLocation	suburb
front courtyard	AtLocation	mansion
front courtyard	AtLocation	new york
monitor wall	AtLocation	studio
monitor wall	AtLocation	mit media lab
monitor wall	AtLocation	tv station
monitor wall	AtLocation	guard station
wok	IsA	cook pot
wok	AtLocation	cupboard
wok	AtLocation	kitchen
wok	AtLocation	cabinet
hill	AtLocation	landscape
hill	IsA	elevation in landscape
hill	AtLocation	country
hill	IsA	mound of earth
hill	AtLocation	great outdoors
rome	IsA	in italy
rome	IsA	city in italy
rome	IsA	where roman live
tap	AtLocation	tavern
picket sign	AtLocation	demonstration
lady	AtLocation	supermarket
lady	AtLocation	city
lady	AtLocation	church
lady	IsA	make cute face at baby
lady	IsA	use binoculars
lady	IsA	not men
lady	AtLocation	budoir
mine	IsA	weapon
mine	IsA	man-made cave in grind
mine	AtLocation	cambodia
mine	AtLocation	mountain
mine	AtLocation	coal
toilet tank	AtLocation	bathroom
toilet tank	IsA	call cistern
suit	AtLocation	closet
suit	IsA	formal clothe
suit	AtLocation	man
general ledger in	AtLocation	accountant office
key case	AtLocation	pocket
key case	AtLocation	fake rock
can good	AtLocation	pantry
can good	AtLocation	cupboard
can good	AtLocation	shelf
can good	AtLocation	cabinet
stripe	AtLocation	street
stripe	IsA	form of camouflage
newspaper stand	AtLocation	airport
open space	AtLocation	countryside
open space	AtLocation	at park
open space	AtLocation	desk
copier	AtLocation	office
granola bar	AtLocation	backpack
resident	AtLocation	in country
resident	AtLocation	apartment
tear off calendar	AtLocation	your boss office
park ranger	AtLocation	park
park ranger	AtLocation	forest
park ranger	AtLocation	state park
american express	IsA	credit card
these person	IsA	dance
these person	IsA	exercise
these person	IsA	in love
these person	IsA	visit grave
these person	IsA	not play polo
these person	IsA	talk
these person	IsA	watch animal with their binoculars
these person	IsA	study
these person	IsA	family
these person	IsA	all woman
these person	IsA	sit on couch
these person	IsA	study together
these person	IsA	play polo
these person	IsA	pot hole
these person	IsA	enjoing ski
these person	AtLocation	cemetery
these person	IsA	have meal
these person	IsA	climb down some rock
these person	IsA	watch wildlife
these person	IsA	camp
flounder	AtLocation	bottom of sea
change room	AtLocation	clothe store
change room	AtLocation	department store
corner shop	AtLocation	corner
showroom	AtLocation	car dealership
showroom	AtLocation	electronics store
showroom	IsA	place that showcase purchasable object
showroom	IsA	large room
showroom	AtLocation	vega
beachball	AtLocation	beach
sign	AtLocation	corner of two street
sign	AtLocation	bus stop
sign	AtLocation	freeway
sign	AtLocation	demonstration
sign	AtLocation	any city
sign	AtLocation	roadblock
sign	AtLocation	build
sign	AtLocation	subway
sign	AtLocation	state park
sign	AtLocation	fork in road
one nightly ritual	IsA	say goodnight
one nightly ritual	IsA	take off glass
one nightly ritual	IsA	set temperature
one nightly ritual	IsA	stretch
one nightly ritual	IsA	pick up thing on floor
one nightly ritual	IsA	switch to sleep bra
one nightly ritual	IsA	take off clothe
one nightly ritual	IsA	remove tooth
one nightly ritual	IsA	read daily item
one nightly ritual	IsA	slip into bed
one nightly ritual	IsA	brush tooth
one nightly ritual	IsA	wash face
one nightly ritual	IsA	put on pajama
one nightly ritual	IsA	use toilet
one nightly ritual	IsA	puff up pillow
one nightly ritual	IsA	throw back cover
one nightly ritual	IsA	pack lunch for tomorrow
one nightly ritual	IsA	say prayer
one nightly ritual	IsA	review day
one nightly ritual	IsA	take vitamin
one nightly ritual	IsA	pack attache for tomorrow
one nightly ritual	IsA	snuggle up
one nightly ritual	IsA	brush hair
one nightly ritual	IsA	clean up kitchen
one nightly ritual	IsA	put on cozy sock
one nightly ritual	IsA	check security
one nightly ritual	IsA	one last snack
pantie	AtLocation	suitcase
pantie	AtLocation	drawer
rail	AtLocation	railway station
rail	AtLocation	park
rail	AtLocation	subway
rail	AtLocation	porch
grease	AtLocation	garage
grease	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
meadow lark	AtLocation	meadow
jelly bean	AtLocation	jar
jelly bean	IsA	candy
tv dinner	AtLocation	freezer
cold air	AtLocation	freezer
cold air	AtLocation	top of mountain
cold air	IsA	heavy than hot air
cave	AtLocation	new mexico
cave	IsA	underground area
circular route	AtLocation	atlas
circular route	AtLocation	old city
nylon	AtLocation	drawer
nylon	IsA	synthetic fabric
nylon	IsA	man make fiber
nylon	IsA	man-made fabric
nylon	IsA	very strong man-made fabric
nylon	IsA	material
nylon	AtLocation	rope
nylon	IsA	fabric
spring binder	AtLocation	office supply store
spring binder	AtLocation	store
trowel	AtLocation	cabinet
stanford	IsA	university
rafter	AtLocation	attic
pea	AtLocation	freezer
pea	AtLocation	farmer market
pea	IsA	domesticate plant
pea	AtLocation	pod
broadcast studio	AtLocation	arena
broadcast studio	AtLocation	radio station
broadcast studio	IsA	room in
broadcast studio	AtLocation	town
broadcast studio	AtLocation	large room
broadcast studio	AtLocation	office of broadcast company
applesauce	AtLocation	jar
pickle onion	AtLocation	jar
mystery	AtLocation	universe
mystery	IsA	book
mystery	AtLocation	clue
dead fly	AtLocation	windowsill
farmhouse	AtLocation	rural area
farmhouse	AtLocation	country
farmhouse	IsA	house at farm
farmhouse	AtLocation	farm community
farmhouse	AtLocation	farm
lift weight	IsA	exercise
seat belt	AtLocation	plane
seat belt	AtLocation	backseat of car
antique car	AtLocation	car show
baseball ticket	AtLocation	baseball stadium
baseball ticket	AtLocation	trash barrell
baseball ticket	AtLocation	fenway park
lotus	IsA	instance of company
lotus	IsA	flower
lotus	AtLocation	muddy pond
lotus	IsA	word processor
moldy food	AtLocation	refrigerator
sleep person	AtLocation	bed
sleep person	AtLocation	in bed
milk dud	AtLocation	movie
lawnmower	AtLocation	garage
tissue	AtLocation	purse
tissue	AtLocation	pocket
tissue	IsA	muscle
tissue	AtLocation	toilet
icon	AtLocation	your m window desktop
midterm	IsA	exam
midterm	IsA	exam not holiday
aluminum	IsA	material
aluminum	IsA	metal
octopus	IsA	mollusc
octopus	IsA	marine product
octopus	IsA	seafood
disease	AtLocation	third world country
disease	AtLocation	human body
disease	IsA	epidemic
too few cashier	AtLocation	supermarket
classify advertisement	AtLocation	newspaper
clipboard	AtLocation	office supply store
clipboard	AtLocation	desk
county highway	AtLocation	rural area
county highway	AtLocation	map
atlas	AtLocation	bookstore
atlas	IsA	map of whole globe
atlas	IsA	collection of map
atlas	IsA	flat representation of globe
atlas	IsA	reference book
font	AtLocation	church
container drum	AtLocation	warehouse
container drum	AtLocation	dock
conductor	AtLocation	opera
conductor	AtLocation	at concert
conductor	IsA	metal
9 planet	AtLocation	our solar system
letter from friend	AtLocation	mail box
rollercoaster	AtLocation	disneyland
menorah	AtLocation	synagogue
vessel	AtLocation	human body
vessel	AtLocation	street
vessel	IsA	cup
vessel	IsA	container
vessel	AtLocation	ocean
vessel	IsA	pot
vessel	IsA	bottle
racer	AtLocation	race track
sand castle	AtLocation	beach
light pole	AtLocation	street
light pole	AtLocation	street corner
projectile ball	AtLocation	flintlock
projectile ball	AtLocation	muzzle loader
projectile ball	AtLocation	old rifle
pit	AtLocation	backyard
pit	IsA	hole in grind
pit	IsA	deep hole
pit	AtLocation	your tooth
pit	AtLocation	peach
pit	AtLocation	mine
pit	AtLocation	cherry
comfortable pillow	AtLocation	bedroom
weather report	AtLocation	newspaper
geology	AtLocation	university
some mountain	IsA	active volcano
some mountain	IsA	large piece of rock
some mountain	IsA	ocean
kentucky derby	IsA	horse race
chat room	AtLocation	internet cafe
passport case	AtLocation	travel good store
passport case	AtLocation	suitcase
slave	AtLocation	poor country
slave	IsA	human
slave	IsA	in bondage
boxer	IsA	pure breed dog
wooden rod	AtLocation	hardware store
attendee	AtLocation	conference
racquetball	IsA	sport
hair roller	AtLocation	my hair
hair roller	AtLocation	beauty salon
hair roller	AtLocation	your hair
driver	AtLocation	in bus
muppets	IsA	puppet
first violin	AtLocation	orchestra
shoulder bag	AtLocation	department store
shoulder bag	AtLocation	airport
deodorant	AtLocation	medicine chest
museum	AtLocation	big city
museum	AtLocation	europe
museum	IsA	archive of object
museum	IsA	popular travel destination
museum	AtLocation	city
museum	AtLocation	artifact
museum	AtLocation	skeleton
vicar	AtLocation	church
dandelion	IsA	flower
photograph	IsA	image on paper
photograph	AtLocation	albumn
photograph	AtLocation	love one in wallet
photograph	AtLocation	newspaper
photograph	IsA	photo
horse race	AtLocation	fairground
horse race	IsA	sport of wealthy
horse race	IsA	sport
horse race	IsA	person race on horse
garment bag	AtLocation	closet
garment bag	AtLocation	laundromat
pair of shoe	AtLocation	closet
coin slot	AtLocation	subway
coin slot	AtLocation	telephone booth
shareholder	AtLocation	large company
paperclip	AtLocation	desk drawer
paperclip	AtLocation	office supply store
comfort	AtLocation	friend house
comfort	IsA	good feel
comfort	AtLocation	build
comfort	AtLocation	apartment
kelp	AtLocation	ocean
kelp	AtLocation	water
coworkers	AtLocation	office
person on date	AtLocation	movie
channel	AtLocation	europe
channel	AtLocation	river
goalie	AtLocation	soccer game
goalie	AtLocation	hockey game
soldiere	AtLocation	military base
spare change	AtLocation	pocket
spare change	AtLocation	pant pocket
spare change	AtLocation	sofa cushion
spare change	AtLocation	back of sofa
mutt	IsA	mix breed dog
chinese	IsA	human language
chinese	IsA	great ping pong player
chinese	IsA	world champion ping pong player
chinese	IsA	language
jug	IsA	step
jug	IsA	container
pleasure garden	AtLocation	japan
pleasure garden	AtLocation	resort town
pleasure garden	AtLocation	fun center
pleasure garden	AtLocation	palace
we	IsA	all mutant
we	IsA	very small
we	IsA	all in trouble
we	IsA	consumer
we	AtLocation	mercy of time
we	IsA	thousand of year old
we	IsA	not as important as we think
we	IsA	in france
we	IsA	in japan
we	AtLocation	planet
roller coaster	IsA	incredible form of entertainment
roller coaster	AtLocation	carnival
roller coaster	AtLocation	theme park
roller coaster	IsA	amusement park ride
roller coaster	IsA	scary but also fun
roller coaster	IsA	normally
roller coaster	IsA	amusement ride
roller coaster	IsA	for fag
roller coaster	IsA	usually
roller coaster	IsA	adventure ride
roller coaster	IsA	form of entertainment
roller coaster	IsA	popular amusement park ride
roller coaster	IsA	thrill ride generate high g-force
roller coaster	IsA	trill rade generate high g-force
article in newspaper	AtLocation	newspaper
dentist office	AtLocation	town
dentist office	AtLocation	metropolitan city
dentist office	AtLocation	office build
laser	AtLocation	cdrom drive
laser	AtLocation	laboratory
laser	AtLocation	physic lab
laser	IsA	device
laser	AtLocation	cd player
laser	IsA	light
salon	AtLocation	mall
salon	AtLocation	castle
many animal	AtLocation	earth
many animal	IsA	large than bread basket
tuna and catfish	IsA	fish
tuna and catfish	IsA	both fish
mound	AtLocation	hell
mound	AtLocation	baseball feild
mound	AtLocation	countryside
ethanol	IsA	energy negative
ethanol	IsA	less toxic alcohol than methanol
ethanol	IsA	call alcohol
ethanol	IsA	alcohol
weight lift	IsA	form of exercise
old book	IsA	collectible
old book	IsA	sign of intelligence
old book	IsA	treasure
old book	AtLocation	old friend
old book	IsA	fragile and very easily damage
poetry	IsA	recite in front of audience
poetry	IsA	art form
poetry	IsA	song
mummy	IsA	body
mummy	AtLocation	egyptian pyramid
holy water	AtLocation	church
tastebud	AtLocation	your mouth
bungalow	AtLocation	suburb
bungalow	IsA	small house or home
bungalow	AtLocation	bed
bungalow	AtLocation	suburbia
bungalow	IsA	grind level structure
bungalow	IsA	place to live
mountain lion	IsA	large cat
mountain lion	IsA	cat
mountain lion	IsA	carnivore
mountain lion	IsA	predator
mountain lion	IsA	call cougar
mountain lion	IsA	large wild cat
mountain lion	IsA	call cougers and panther
mountain lion	IsA	almost exstinct in some area
cutlery	AtLocation	table
library card	AtLocation	library
many store	AtLocation	mall
office build	AtLocation	work
office build	IsA	build
office build	AtLocation	city
cornet	AtLocation	high school band
cornet	AtLocation	band
tennis ball	AtLocation	sport good store
tennis ball	AtLocation	raquet cover
tennis ball	AtLocation	can
wiener dog in	AtLocation	hot dog bun
tuxedo	AtLocation	opera
tuxedo	IsA	call penguin suit
tuxedo	IsA	formal attire
water fountain	AtLocation	park
water fountain	AtLocation	library
plain	AtLocation	georgia
quiet	AtLocation	church
postman	AtLocation	post office
schoolbook	AtLocation	backpack
dunce	AtLocation	corner
undergrowth	AtLocation	forest
entree	AtLocation	plate
baseball diamond	AtLocation	park
team	AtLocation	soccer game
team	IsA	person work together
pair or sock	AtLocation	sock drawer
poker	IsA	cardgame
poker	IsA	card game in
poker	AtLocation	build
poker	AtLocation	any large city
poker	AtLocation	city
poker	IsA	form of gamble
poker	IsA	card game
fax machine	AtLocation	office
custodian	AtLocation	school
pantry	AtLocation	sunday school kitchen
pantry	AtLocation	home
pantry	AtLocation	farmhouse
pantry	AtLocation	large house
pantry	AtLocation	cereal
pantry	AtLocation	bread
fear	IsA	indication of danger
wagon	AtLocation	toy store
wagon	AtLocation	garage
wagon	AtLocation	tree
bob	IsA	nickname for robert
bob	IsA	police officer
bob	IsA	individual
pittsburgh	IsA	city in pennsylvania
star war	IsA	science fiction movie
star war	IsA	popular movie in 1980s
tv watch	IsA	passive activity
education	IsA	acquisition of knowledge and understand
contract	IsA	agreement enforceable at law
contract	IsA	legal bind instrument
contract	IsA	legal agreement
choir	AtLocation	in church
choir	IsA	group of singer
choir	IsA	group of person
choir	AtLocation	alto
choir	AtLocation	voice
green	IsA	important roughage
green	IsA	comfortable color
green	IsA	color
tall person	IsA	good basketball player
tall person	IsA	good basketball player than short person
junk mail	AtLocation	mail box
junk mail	AtLocation	mail
junk mail	AtLocation	waste bin
junk mail	AtLocation	trash
junk mail	IsA	fuck annoy
junk mail	IsA	unnessicary
junk mail	AtLocation	desk
wedding	IsA	formal occasion
wedding	IsA	happy event
wedding	IsA	avioded by men
wedding	IsA	sweet sillynesses
wedding	IsA	extravagant affair
wedding	IsA	family event
wedding	IsA	party
different fruit	IsA	different color
movie film	IsA	series of picture
dome	IsA	strong structural element
dome	IsA	very old type of architecture
dome	IsA	usually on capitol build
glass bottle	IsA	packeged in styrofoam
horse shoe	IsA	symbol for good luck
horse shoe	IsA	consider good luck symbol
horse shoe	IsA	consider good luck
horse shoe	IsA	good luck
shape	IsA	geometric figure
shape	IsA	rectangle
shape	IsA	diamond
shape	IsA	square
document	IsA	way of record event
document	AtLocation	cabinet
document	IsA	paper
space travel	IsA	adventure
symbol	IsA	representation of thing
symbol	IsA	letter
symbol	IsA	flag
steam locomotive	IsA	antique
some bell	IsA	not bell shape
condiment	AtLocation	pantry
condiment	AtLocation	container
condiment	IsA	pepper
laughter	IsA	sound
laughter	IsA	expression of humor
laughter	IsA	human grace
laughter	IsA	very special homosapien trait
ford mustang	IsA	car
fashion	IsA	forever in flux
yacht	IsA	sport
yacht	IsA	for sail on water
thing	IsA	cheeper during sale
thing	IsA	more complicate than they appear
thing	IsA	not always as they appear
thing	IsA	not
thing	AtLocation	backpack
thing	IsA	object
thing	IsA	something
thing	IsA	stuff
mini mall	AtLocation	suburb
mini mall	AtLocation	town
crane	IsA	bird with long leg
double bass	AtLocation	orchestra
double bass	IsA	musical instrument
double bass	IsA	toy
some bottle	IsA	liter bottle
staple remover	AtLocation	teacher desk
staple remover	AtLocation	draw
staple remover	AtLocation	desk
staple remover	AtLocation	desk drawer
staple remover	AtLocation	office
master bedroom	AtLocation	big house
master bedroom	AtLocation	large house
master bedroom	AtLocation	suburban home
master bedroom	AtLocation	dwell
master bedroom	AtLocation	wardrobe
master bedroom	AtLocation	your grandfather
master bedroom	IsA	big bedroom in house
computer program	IsA	program
refridgerator	AtLocation	fruit
humpty dumpty	IsA	egg in fairy tale
humpty dumpty	IsA	egg
rubber stamp	AtLocation	art class
rubber stamp	AtLocation	hobby shop
rubber stamp	AtLocation	desk
rubber stamp	AtLocation	cabinet
rubber stamp	IsA	official seal
rubber stamp	IsA	re-inked after few use
rubber stamp	IsA	use make mark
makeup	IsA	beautycare product
makeup	IsA	use my woman
makeup	AtLocation	pocket
makeup	IsA	eyeshadow
makeup	IsA	mascara
olive jar	IsA	vessel
mortar	AtLocation	armory
mortar	IsA	weapon
handcuff	AtLocation	police officer belt
raggady ann	IsA	doll
censer	IsA	incense burner
censer	IsA	insense burner
censer	IsA	fireproof incense burner
folder	AtLocation	shelf
folder	AtLocation	file cabinet
witch	IsA	wiccan
witch	IsA	individual who practice witchcraft
enemy	IsA	be
enemy	IsA	person
tool use	IsA	sign of intelligence
belief	IsA	subjective sense of knowledge
belief	AtLocation	human mind
belief	AtLocation	home
feline	IsA	carnivore
feline	IsA	very curious animal
feline	IsA	cat
scuba dive	IsA	hobby
many church	IsA	old build
smell	IsA	important sense
shrub	IsA	medium-sized plant
jump at chance	IsA	idiom
well	AtLocation	house without run water
well	AtLocation	country
well	IsA	place
well	AtLocation	countryside
refuse	AtLocation	trash truck
refuse	AtLocation	garbage can
refuse	AtLocation	trash can
refuse	AtLocation	bin
revolution	IsA	fragile thing
revolution	IsA	interest change
programmer	IsA	developer
programmer	IsA	hacker
many food	IsA	uncooked
kidney	IsA	organ in body
kidney	AtLocation	in human body
kidney	AtLocation	cabinet
stamp rack	AtLocation	post office
stamp rack	AtLocation	cpa office
traffic congestion	IsA	problem
curb	AtLocation	street corner
new york city	IsA	place
new york city	IsA	state
new york city	IsA	on hudson and east river
new york city	AtLocation	state of new york
new york city	IsA	major tourist attraction
stair down	AtLocation	house
stair down	AtLocation	cellar
stair down	AtLocation	basement
concert hall	AtLocation	city
concert hall	AtLocation	new york
concert hall	AtLocation	theatre
concert hall	AtLocation	build
concert hall	AtLocation	big city
concert hall	AtLocation	town
phillips head screwdriver	AtLocation	toolbelt
phillips head screwdriver	AtLocation	toolbox
great britain	IsA	country in europe
scotland	IsA	country
scotland	IsA	place
bikini	IsA	two piece bathe suit
bikini	AtLocation	closet
pear	IsA	edible fruit
pear	IsA	domesticate plant
pear	IsA	vegetarian food
pear	IsA	yummy fruit
pear	IsA	best when slightly soft
pear	IsA	delicious fruit
pear	IsA	tasty fruit
pear	IsA	fruit
pear	IsA	food
democrat	IsA	human
democrat	IsA	person
material	AtLocation	fabric store
material	AtLocation	construction
material	IsA	wood
vote	IsA	civic responsibility
washington monument	IsA	obelisk
camper	AtLocation	forest
many pet	IsA	domestic animal
new south wale	IsA	state of australia
top of house	IsA	roof
jewel	IsA	diamond
governor	IsA	person
weep willow	IsA	tree
lyre	IsA	instrument
eyebrow	IsA	hair
tube	AtLocation	chemistry lab
tube	AtLocation	space shuttle
tube	IsA	container for cream and lotion
tube	AtLocation	airport
tube	AtLocation	house
tube	AtLocation	garage
tube	AtLocation	home
tube	AtLocation	school
zither	IsA	instrument
zither	IsA	musical instrument
venus fly trap	IsA	carnivore
museum wing	IsA	area of museum
museum wing	AtLocation	art museum
museum wing	AtLocation	museum
board pass	AtLocation	passenger hand
board pass	AtLocation	traveler pocket
decoy	IsA	fake duck
decoy	IsA	object
soap	AtLocation	supermarket
soap	AtLocation	soapdish
soap	AtLocation	in te bathroom
soap	AtLocation	or near sink
soap	AtLocation	liquid form
soap	AtLocation	bathroom
soap	AtLocation	shower
soap	IsA	shampoo
vegan	IsA	person who consume no animal product
beef	AtLocation	plate
beef	IsA	good food
business class airplane seat	AtLocation	bermuda triangle
business class airplane seat	AtLocation	airplane
gold medal	IsA	usually
shallow water	AtLocation	pond
shallow water	AtLocation	swim pool
be sick	IsA	no fun
large ship	AtLocation	sea
dishwasher	AtLocation	kitchen
dishwasher	AtLocation	dish
dishwasher	IsA	machine
stab someone	IsA	murder
murderer	AtLocation	mafia
murderer	AtLocation	kremlin
murderer	AtLocation	court
murderer	AtLocation	prison
media	IsA	tv
avenue	IsA	wide street
avenue	AtLocation	new york city
avenue	IsA	road
avenue	IsA	street
le miserables	IsA	french musical
display cabinet	AtLocation	shop
display cabinet	AtLocation	museum
display cabinet	AtLocation	live room
nike	IsA	sneak
fun	AtLocation	watch television
fun	IsA	something
fun	IsA	smile
video tape	IsA	form of recordable media
video tape	AtLocation	shelf
video tape	AtLocation	library
video tape	AtLocation	cabinet
part of dinner	IsA	drink
mathematics	IsA	first axiomatised in greece
mathematics	IsA	aboslute
mathematics	IsA	subject
mathematics	IsA	geometry
mathematics	AtLocation	school
junkie	AtLocation	alley
sunlight	AtLocation	suface of moon
sunlight	IsA	energy
pet shop owner	IsA	merchant
diesel	IsA	type of engine
diesel	IsA	fuel
mont blanc	IsA	mountain in swiss alp
transvestite	IsA	heterosexual male in woman clothe
carport	IsA	park stucture
nolan ryan	IsA	famous pitcher
musical notation	IsA	write language
musical notation	IsA	language
musical notation	IsA	code
yacht race	IsA	extremely expensive sport
president clinton	IsA	democrat
president clinton	IsA	liar and thief
president clinton	IsA	very good leader
president clinton	IsA	shake girl hand
president clinton	IsA	shake hand with young adult
president clinton	IsA	greeing group of student
president clinton	IsA	shake hand with young woman
find thing	IsA	important activity
world peace	IsA	big issue with politicions
downhill ski	IsA	form of recreational ski
downhill ski	IsA	fast sport
downhill ski	IsA	exit
queen elizabeth	IsA	dignify person
queen elizabeth	IsA	important symbol to her person
street crime	IsA	escalate problem in toronto
sentence criminal	IsA	judge duty
horseback ride	IsA	good way to enjoy nature
horseback ride	IsA	very expensive hobby
horseback ride	IsA	fun sport
compulsive hoard	IsA	symptom of ocd
compulsive hoard	IsA	symptom of several illness
octogon	IsA	close shape with eight side
pentagon	IsA	close shape with five side
decagon	IsA	close shape with 10 side
decagon	IsA	ten-sided figure
nonogon	IsA	close shape with nine side
hexagon	IsA	close shape with six side
cook food	IsA	fun activity
cook food	AtLocation	oven
cook food	IsA	easy to chew
redneck	AtLocation	georgia
redneck	AtLocation	doublewide trailer
dirty old man	AtLocation	porn shop
hay	AtLocation	barn
hay	AtLocation	loft
whiskey	AtLocation	liquor store
whiskey	IsA	bourbon
whiskey	IsA	liquor
veal	AtLocation	meat section
pasta	AtLocation	italian restaurant
pasta	AtLocation	restaurant
pasta	AtLocation	supermarket
pasta	AtLocation	refrigerator
pasta	AtLocation	box
pasta	AtLocation	kitchen
pasta	AtLocation	grocery store
pasta	IsA	spaghetti
backdrop	AtLocation	stage show
backdrop	AtLocation	theatre
backdrop	IsA	backcloth
backdrop	AtLocation	photography studio
chess rook	AtLocation	chess
chess rook	AtLocation	corner
chess rook	IsA	often call castle
chess rook	AtLocation	chess club
silicone	AtLocation	artificial breast
silicone	AtLocation	tube
silicone	AtLocation	silicone base caulk
silicone	AtLocation	woman breast
silicone	IsA	elemental chemical and mineral
tabby cat	AtLocation	home
tabby cat	AtLocation	your lap
tabby cat	IsA	cat
tabby cat	AtLocation	barn
bank	AtLocation	park
bank	AtLocation	town
bank	AtLocation	main street
bank	IsA	place
bank	AtLocation	city
bank	IsA	good place to store money
bank	IsA	profession
bank	AtLocation	cash
bank	AtLocation	money
bank	AtLocation	check
church side passage	AtLocation	church
tower	AtLocation	city
tower	IsA	tall structure with stair
tower	IsA	tall structure
tower	AtLocation	hammond
tower	AtLocation	castle
glass roof	AtLocation	green house
large food store in	AtLocation	fairly large-sized town or city
popcorn	AtLocation	movie theater
popcorn	AtLocation	show
popcorn	AtLocation	at movie
popcorn	AtLocation	drive-in movie
popcorn	IsA	meal
popcorn	AtLocation	movie house
marsh	AtLocation	forest
marsh	AtLocation	rainy region
marsh	AtLocation	louisiana
tune fork	AtLocation	music store
tune fork	AtLocation	music shop
stage curtain	AtLocation	theater
stage curtain	AtLocation	aprop storage room
chesspiece	AtLocation	chess set
chesspiece	AtLocation	game box
chesspiece	AtLocation	chess game
moisturizer	AtLocation	many cosmetic
moisturizer	AtLocation	chemist
moisturizer	AtLocation	bathroom
serve cart	AtLocation	airliner aisle
serve cart	AtLocation	restaurant
bagel shop	AtLocation	new york city
railroad station	AtLocation	new york city
power screwdriver	AtLocation	tool box
power screwdriver	AtLocation	cabinet
power screwdriver	AtLocation	hardware store
power screwdriver	AtLocation	utility box
power screwdriver	AtLocation	tool chest
disco	AtLocation	town
disco	AtLocation	michigan
disco	AtLocation	past
disco	AtLocation	new york
disco	AtLocation	any large city
disco	AtLocation	big city
disco	AtLocation	build
check in desk	AtLocation	hotel
church central passage	AtLocation	church
hairdresser chair	AtLocation	beauty salon
hairdresser chair	AtLocation	salon
hairdresser chair	AtLocation	barber shop
five and dime	AtLocation	strip mall
five and dime	AtLocation	wallet
stadium stand	AtLocation	stadium
stadium stand	AtLocation	ballpark
belt highway	AtLocation	large city
scene	AtLocation	play
council	AtLocation	city hall
council	AtLocation	council chamber
council	AtLocation	church
place to eat	AtLocation	city
place to eat	AtLocation	town
place to eat	AtLocation	downtown
store refrigerator	AtLocation	store
store refrigerator	AtLocation	supermarket
store refrigerator	AtLocation	deli
scenery	AtLocation	paint
scenery	IsA	what you see outdoors
vinyl	AtLocation	pant
vinyl	IsA	chemical
vinyl	IsA	organic chemical
vinyl	AtLocation	store
vinyl	IsA	synthetic fiber
vinyl	AtLocation	record store
vinyl	IsA	plastic
laundry room	AtLocation	house
laundry room	AtLocation	apartment build
laundry room	IsA	where person wash clothe
pot in or rather	AtLocation	stove
shell in or rather	AtLocation	beach
something sweet	AtLocation	dessert or pudding
baobab tree	AtLocation	both india and africa
draw room	AtLocation	house
draw room	IsA	room in home
draw room	AtLocation	artist house
tack	AtLocation	cork board
tack	AtLocation	carpet
tack	AtLocation	wall
dental office	AtLocation	medical complex
dental office	AtLocation	town
dental office	AtLocation	build
dental office	AtLocation	medical complez
dental office	AtLocation	city
coach airline seat	AtLocation	large airplane
coach airline seat	AtLocation	passenger plane
coach seat	AtLocation	back of airplane
coach seat	AtLocation	theater
coach seat	AtLocation	airliner
coach seat	AtLocation	bus
safety	AtLocation	rifle
safety	AtLocation	number
volume	AtLocation	set of book
volume	AtLocation	set of encyclopedia
volume	AtLocation	library
air terminal	AtLocation	airport
gate	AtLocation	heaven and guard by st
gate	AtLocation	garden
gate	AtLocation	fence
gate	IsA	entrance
gate	AtLocation	lock
soul	IsA	think part with no physical constituent
soul	AtLocation	brados
soul	AtLocation	person
cash bill	AtLocation	wallet
cash bill	AtLocation	your own wallet
cash bill	AtLocation	store
place	AtLocation	any location
place	IsA	area
place	IsA	city
place	AtLocation	town
control room	AtLocation	nuclear power plant
control room	AtLocation	factory
dress room	AtLocation	department store
dress room	AtLocation	clothe store
list of appointment	AtLocation	briefcase
list of appointment	AtLocation	pocket calendar
shop complex	AtLocation	city
board room	AtLocation	hostel
board room	AtLocation	city
barack obama	AtLocation	house
barack obama	IsA	democrat
barack obama	IsA	human
barack obama	IsA	person
christian	IsA	person
christian	IsA	follower of christ
christian	AtLocation	church
alien	IsA	person
alien	AtLocation	outer space
alien	AtLocation	universe
alien	IsA	live be
alien	IsA	all around us
alien	AtLocation	roswell
alien	AtLocation	weekly world news
alien	IsA	here
alien	AtLocation	outerspace
alien	AtLocation	ufo
alien	AtLocation	space
jupiter	IsA	big than earth
jupiter	IsA	much large than earth
jupiter	IsA	gas planet
jupiter	IsA	fifth planet from sun
jupiter	IsA	giant planet
jupiter	IsA	large than earth
jupiter	IsA	large solar planet
panda	IsA	mammal
pity	IsA	emotion
ip	IsA	protocol
hydrolysis	IsA	chemical reaction
propane	IsA	fuel
propane	IsA	gas
smtp	IsA	protocol
shenzhen	IsA	city
objectivism	IsA	philosophy
objectivism	IsA	theory
logic	IsA	system of evaluate argument
logic	IsA	way of think
logic	AtLocation	school
logic	IsA	system of reason
logic	IsA	science
object	IsA	weightless in outer space
object	IsA	dispose of when not need anymore
object	IsA	weightless in space
object	AtLocation	classroom
object	AtLocation	school
object	AtLocation	university
object	AtLocation	closet
object	AtLocation	your table
object	AtLocation	desk
object	AtLocation	kitchen
object	AtLocation	cabinet
object	IsA	thing
lung	IsA	internal organ
lung	IsA	soondae
lung	AtLocation	in human body
lung	AtLocation	yurself
lung	AtLocation	air
firefox	IsA	web browser
drunkard	AtLocation	bar
rough	IsA	sensation
oreo	IsA	cookie
oreo	AtLocation	cookie jar
gruyere	IsA	cheese
norwegian jarlsberger	IsA	cheese
emmental	IsA	cheese
conservation of energy	AtLocation	introductory physic curriculum
salad	IsA	healthy food
salad	IsA	usually
salad	AtLocation	refrigerator
salad	AtLocation	store
salad	AtLocation	grocery store
salad	AtLocation	kitchen
salad	AtLocation	mall
salad	AtLocation	market
salad	AtLocation	supermarket
salad	AtLocation	potato
blackboard	AtLocation	at school
blackboard	AtLocation	in class
blackboard	IsA	temporary storage device
christmas tree	IsA	cultural icon
turmeric	IsA	spice
heel	IsA	activity
heel	IsA	shoe
raspberry	IsA	fruit
arch	AtLocation	state park
arch	AtLocation	shoe
thumb	IsA	oppose digit
thumb	IsA	call finger
tabletop	IsA	game
leave leg	IsA	leg
fin whale	IsA	whale
textbook	AtLocation	in class
textbook	AtLocation	in classroom
textbook	AtLocation	locker
textbook	AtLocation	university
textbook	IsA	book
textbook	AtLocation	psychology
plankton	AtLocation	in ocean
plankton	IsA	not twenty foot high
plankton	AtLocation	ocean
plankton	AtLocation	sea
plankton	AtLocation	water
seal	AtLocation	sea
seal	AtLocation	aquarium
gopher	AtLocation	your garden
gopher	IsA	small grind burrow animal
gopher	IsA	cute creature
gopher	IsA	rodent
senator	IsA	government official
ontario	IsA	canadian province
ontario	IsA	province in canada
ontario	IsA	province of canada
newfoundland	IsA	canadian province
newfoundland	IsA	dog
newfoundland	IsA	where newfies come from
shih tzu	IsA	dog
bourbon	IsA	whiskey
collie	IsA	dog
reference book	AtLocation	library
reference book	AtLocation	laboratory
bud	AtLocation	sack
bloodhound	IsA	dog
german shepherd	IsA	dog
sand box	AtLocation	park
fir tree	IsA	tree
mackerel	IsA	fish
author	IsA	person
guava	IsA	fruit
azalea	IsA	plant
lilac	IsA	flower
chopstick	AtLocation	in restaurant
chopstick	AtLocation	restaurant
chopstick	AtLocation	table
chopstick	IsA	eat utensil
chopstick	AtLocation	dine table
chopstick	IsA	food
chopstick	AtLocation	kitchen
chopstick	AtLocation	resturant
coca cola	IsA	drink
coca cola	IsA	cola
pepper	AtLocation	farmer market
pepper	AtLocation	dinner
pepper	AtLocation	table
pepper	IsA	spice
archery	IsA	sport
grandmother	AtLocation	relative house
yourself	AtLocation	home
yourself	AtLocation	school
state	IsA	unit of government
state	AtLocation	capital
state	IsA	california
state	IsA	mississippi
state	AtLocation	country
state	IsA	washington
gnu	IsA	animal
nuclear bomb	IsA	weapon
nuclear bomb	IsA	explosive
ladybug	IsA	insect
samba	IsA	dance
cumin	IsA	spice
rugby	IsA	team sport
rugby	IsA	ball sport
rugby	IsA	ruff sport
rugby	IsA	sport
shelve	AtLocation	at bookstore
shelve	AtLocation	pantry
hide and seek	IsA	game
flamenco	IsA	dance
membrane	AtLocation	cell
ghost	IsA	popular costume on halloween
ghost	IsA	disembody spirit
month	IsA	december
zinc	IsA	metal
sikhism	IsA	religion
jainism	IsA	religion
platinum	IsA	metal
cabriolet	IsA	car
cabriolet	IsA	car without roof
cabriolet	AtLocation	wine celler
westminster abbey	AtLocation	london
gecko	AtLocation	in sri lanka
gecko	IsA	lizard
primate	IsA	monkey
primate	IsA	human
primate	IsA	mammal
propellerheads	IsA	band
java	IsA	computer program language
java	IsA	object-oriented program language
java	IsA	in indonesia
java	IsA	platformindependent
java	IsA	program language
java	IsA	place
java	IsA	island
java	AtLocation	computer
anthrax	IsA	disease
anthrax	AtLocation	post office
aardwolf	IsA	mammal
peppermint	IsA	plant
komodo dragon	IsA	reptile
cassowary	IsA	bird
cassowary	IsA	animal
nightjar	IsA	bird
albatross	IsA	bird
verbena	IsA	plant
baltimore	IsA	city
baltimore	IsA	city in maryland
birmingham	IsA	city
denmark	IsA	country
lacrosse	IsA	sport
herring	IsA	fish
cyprus	IsA	country
cyprus	IsA	island
yemen	IsA	country
cuba	IsA	neighbor country to usa
cuba	IsA	country
romania	IsA	country
zimbabwe	IsA	country
vietnam	IsA	in asia
iceland	IsA	island
iceland	IsA	country
korea	IsA	country
korea	AtLocation	seoul
snowboard	IsA	sport
europe	IsA	continent on earth
europe	IsA	continent
tick	AtLocation	countryside
tick	AtLocation	meadow
redbook	IsA	magazine
william gibson	IsA	writer
parmenides	IsA	philosopher
babe ruth	IsA	baseball player
babe ruth	IsA	famous baseball player
babe ruth	IsA	drunk
babe ruth	IsA	great baseball player
termite	AtLocation	wall of house
termite	IsA	insect
barracuda	IsA	fish
south korea	IsA	country
biathlon	IsA	sport
crayfish	IsA	crustacean
tanager	IsA	bird
wild boar	IsA	animal
macaque	IsA	mammal
shrew	IsA	mammal
wolverine	IsA	mammal
tamarin	IsA	mammal
civet	IsA	mammal
meerkat	IsA	mammal
walrus	AtLocation	aquarium
walrus	IsA	mammal
skunk	IsA	mammal
spider monkey	IsA	mammal
treeshrew	IsA	mammal
jackal	IsA	mammal
gerbil	AtLocation	store
gerbil	IsA	mammal
manatee	IsA	mammal
raccoon dog	IsA	mammal
squirrel monkey	IsA	mammal
marten	IsA	mammal
mongoose	IsA	mammal
gibbon	IsA	mammal
vole	IsA	mammal
busan	IsA	city
busan	AtLocation	korea
middle school	IsA	school
incheon	IsA	city
latin	IsA	human language
jerboa	IsA	mammal
theria	IsA	mammal
hamburg	IsA	city
mount everest	IsA	mountain
mount everest	IsA	place
aruba	IsA	country
british virgin island	IsA	country
bhutan	IsA	country
bermuda	IsA	country
bermuda	IsA	grass
bahrain	IsA	country
bahamas	IsA	country
bahamas	IsA	chain of island
christmas island	IsA	country
burkina faso	IsA	country
barbados	IsA	country
antigua and barbuda	IsA	country
bangladesh	IsA	country
brunei	IsA	country
cambodia	IsA	country
angola	IsA	country
cayman island	IsA	country
andorra	IsA	country
cape verde	IsA	country
botswana	IsA	country
armenia	IsA	country
armenia	IsA	very small country in eurasia
armenia	IsA	country in europe
burundi	IsA	country
bosnia and herzegovina	IsA	country
anguilla	IsA	country
algeria	IsA	country
belarus	IsA	country
benin	IsA	country
leprosy	IsA	disease
sabre	IsA	sword
anglerfish	IsA	fish
anchovy	IsA	fish
oar	IsA	part of boat
oar	IsA	part of canoe
oar	AtLocation	any ocean
plaid	IsA	patern of line and square
plaid	IsA	pattern
satan	IsA	fall angel
satan	AtLocation	move my friend
satan	IsA	spiritual entity
satan	IsA	demon
plantation	AtLocation	georgia
piece of pottery	AtLocation	kiln
e-mail	IsA	example of asynchronous communication
dog shit	AtLocation	your shoe
pepperoni	AtLocation	pizza
sausage	IsA	meat product
sausage	IsA	food
canadian bacon	AtLocation	pizza
dragon	IsA	mythical beast
dragon	IsA	mythological reptilian monster
dragon	IsA	fictional giant lizard
dragon	IsA	mystical animal
dragon	IsA	mythological creature
dragon	AtLocation	forest
your foot	AtLocation	floor
your foot	AtLocation	shoe
your foot	AtLocation	desk
lose hiker	AtLocation	search party
brush	IsA	write utensil
brush	IsA	write instrument
brush	AtLocation	hair
photocopier	AtLocation	library
cola	AtLocation	fridge
climber	AtLocation	mountain
skier	AtLocation	mountain
skier	AtLocation	alp
skier	IsA	loser
skier	IsA	hucking down cornice
car wash	AtLocation	gas station
cellphone	IsA	electronic device
cellphone	AtLocation	purse
lettuce	AtLocation	refrigerator
lettuce	AtLocation	farmer market
lettuce	IsA	leafy vegetable
lettuce	AtLocation	supermarket
lettuce	IsA	vegetable
lettuce	IsA	plant
lettuce	AtLocation	salad
sunshine	AtLocation	windowsill
sunshine	AtLocation	moon
sunshine	AtLocation	summer
sunshine	AtLocation	beach
petrol	AtLocation	gas station
petrol	IsA	liquid
petrol	IsA	light than water
petrol	AtLocation	petrol station
petrol	AtLocation	fuel tank
petrol	AtLocation	car
evolution	IsA	complicate theory
evolution	AtLocation	fossil record
evolution	AtLocation	biosphere
evolution	AtLocation	geological history
compost	AtLocation	forest
peasant	AtLocation	village
car key	AtLocation	ignition switch
car key	AtLocation	your pocket
car key	AtLocation	table
car key	AtLocation	sofa
car key	AtLocation	car
car key	AtLocation	purse
car key	AtLocation	lock inside car
car key	AtLocation	pocket
syrup	AtLocation	waffle
history book	AtLocation	university
something you find jar	IsA	vegemite
something you find jar	IsA	paste
something you find jar	IsA	marmite
carton	AtLocation	milk in refrigerator
carton	AtLocation	milk
vitamin c	IsA	vitamin
vitamin c	IsA	antioxidant
vitamin c	IsA	supplement
vitamin c	AtLocation	store
vitamin c	AtLocation	cabinet
computer disk	AtLocation	office
jazz	AtLocation	new orleans
jazz	IsA	american invention
jazz	IsA	african inspire musical form
architect	IsA	person who design build
some native american	IsA	christian
mitten	IsA	warm than glove
mitten	IsA	glove
kitten grow up to	IsA	cat
duck decoy	IsA	wood
duck decoy	IsA	expensive hobby
lyric	IsA	word
fresh fruit	IsA	vitamin rich
eight ball	IsA	symbol for gamble
eight ball	IsA	last ball
eight ball	IsA	term sometimes
eight ball	IsA	cue ball
eight ball	IsA	one billiard ball
seven	IsA	bust roll when play crap
seven	IsA	lucky number for superstitious person
red rose	IsA	symbol for passion
red rose	IsA	sign of love
red rose	IsA	for lover
bullseye	AtLocation	middle of target
bullseye	IsA	target
hungry person	AtLocation	supermarket
hungry person	AtLocation	line at cafeteria
this man	IsA	change tire
this man	IsA	hold trophy
this man	IsA	do something risky
this man	IsA	grab ball
this man	IsA	read chart
this man	IsA	wear stethoscope
this man	IsA	play baseball
this man	IsA	wear sunglass
this man	IsA	haul sod
this man	IsA	sing or talk into microphone
this man	IsA	speeking before congress
this man	IsA	statesman
this man	IsA	sing blue
this man	IsA	hold small child
this man	IsA	technician look over chart
this man	IsA	doctor
this man	IsA	speak
this man	IsA	show his trophy
this man	IsA	ski
this man	IsA	play rugby
this man	IsA	write something
this man	IsA	remove something from dry
this man	IsA	serious
this man	IsA	happy with
this man	IsA	play australian rule footbal
map show where place	IsA	with respect to other place
bert and ernie	IsA	faggot
clown fish	IsA	not
billiards	IsA	game of skill
billiards	IsA	game of skill and be
billiards	IsA	game
hitler	IsA	bad guy
hitler	AtLocation	hell
hitler	IsA	antisemite
science fiction	IsA	entertainment
science fiction	IsA	often about future
science fiction	IsA	not reality
science fiction	IsA	genre
science fiction	AtLocation	store
science fiction	AtLocation	house
science fiction	AtLocation	build
science fiction	IsA	book
science fiction	IsA	about thing
dinosaur	IsA	velociraptor
budhism	IsA	religion
most plant	IsA	phototropic
singular form of dice	IsA	die
important document	IsA	often
valley	AtLocation	mountainous region
valley	AtLocation	west virginia
valley	AtLocation	river
pump	IsA	device
pump	IsA	machine
pump	AtLocation	underground mine
pump	AtLocation	desk
pony	IsA	young horse
pony	IsA	small horse
pony	IsA	form of horse
pony	IsA	horse
tall build	AtLocation	big city
tall build	IsA	in city
tall build	IsA	often
person who	IsA	in love kiss each other
person who	IsA	deaf cannot hear
person who	IsA	relate often look similar
person who	IsA	effect person who be live
person who	IsA	not think
some doctor	IsA	specialist
dwell	IsA	place
dwell	AtLocation	city
dwell	AtLocation	town
freedom	IsA	universal right
freedom	IsA	belief
freedom	IsA	state of mind
freedom	IsA	abstract concept
freedom	IsA	subjective feel
freedom	IsA	gift
butch	AtLocation	meat market
butch	AtLocation	farmer market
butch	AtLocation	supermarket
owl	AtLocation	wood
owl	AtLocation	zoo
owl	AtLocation	air
owl	IsA	bird
owl	AtLocation	tree
lasagna	AtLocation	refrigerator
lasagna	AtLocation	plate
lasagna	IsA	form of pasta
lasagna	AtLocation	supermarket
lasagna	AtLocation	freezer
lasagna	AtLocation	grocery store
lasagna	AtLocation	your own freezer
lasagna	AtLocation	fridge
lasagna	AtLocation	resturant
lasagna	AtLocation	restaurant
lasagna	IsA	food
open envelope	AtLocation	desk
joke	IsA	almost always at someone expense
joke	IsA	form of comedy
joke	AtLocation	joke book
joke	IsA	funny and cause laughter
joke	IsA	way of ease tense situation
school bus	AtLocation	school
school bus	IsA	usually
school bus	IsA	very noisy place
school bus	IsA	yelloe
school bus	IsA	large than automobile
school bus	IsA	most often
school bus	IsA	paint school bus yellow
room key	AtLocation	at hotel
rule	IsA	set of instruction
rule	AtLocation	football game
rule	AtLocation	classroom
rule	AtLocation	dorm
bread crumb	AtLocation	breadbox
bread crumb	AtLocation	in breadbox
olympics	IsA	international sport event
olympics	IsA	hold every four year
olympics	AtLocation	athlete
pizza and salad	IsA	both food
squash	IsA	very nutritious and tasty vegetable
squash	AtLocation	farmer market
squash	IsA	fruit
massachusetts	IsA	state in new england
massachusetts	IsA	state
some room	IsA	bedroom
football and basketball	IsA	both sport
leonardo di caprio	IsA	actor
europa	IsA	moon of jupiter
chef special	AtLocation	restaurant
chef special	AtLocation	diner
chef special	IsA	not always on menu
chef special	IsA	food in restaurant
muscle builder	AtLocation	gym
lexus	IsA	brand of car
cherry	AtLocation	jar
cherry	AtLocation	cherry pie
cherry	AtLocation	supermarket
cherry	AtLocation	your own freezer
cherry	AtLocation	refrigerator
cherry	AtLocation	grocery store
cherry	AtLocation	fridge
cherry	AtLocation	pit
cherry	IsA	food
marsupial	IsA	wombat
marsupial	IsA	animal
most republican	IsA	not democrat
salmon	IsA	fish
appearance	IsA	decieving
medicine ball	AtLocation	gym
volkswagen	IsA	car
volkswagen	IsA	company that manufacture car
eiffel tower in paris that	IsA	in france
store item	AtLocation	container
store item	AtLocation	shelf
tarmac	AtLocation	airport
planet earth	IsA	sphere
planet earth	AtLocation	space
planet earth	IsA	home to human
planet earth	AtLocation	outerspace
planet earth	IsA	12,756 kilometer in diameter
silver	AtLocation	old coin
silver	IsA	rare metal
silver	IsA	valuable metal
silver	IsA	precious metal
silver	IsA	element
silver	IsA	often
silver	IsA	both metal and color
silver	IsA	metal
silver	AtLocation	mine
large food store	AtLocation	large city
large food store	AtLocation	suburb
large food store	AtLocation	michigan
large food store	AtLocation	populous area
large food store	AtLocation	midwestern u.s
large food store	AtLocation	large town
large food store	AtLocation	new york
large food store	AtLocation	town
large food store	AtLocation	big city
large food store	IsA	place
large food store	AtLocation	city
condo	AtLocation	any city
condo	AtLocation	most city
condo	AtLocation	chicago
condo	AtLocation	new york
condo	AtLocation	milwaukee
hard disk drive	IsA	data storage device
dog and bird	IsA	animal
dog and bird	IsA	both animal
connecticut	IsA	state
chess bishop in game	AtLocation	chess
animal in cage	AtLocation	zoo
tablecloth cover	AtLocation	table
patio	AtLocation	back of house
glass front display cabinet	AtLocation	live room
glass front display cabinet	AtLocation	store
glass front display cabinet	AtLocation	middle school
glass front display cabinet	AtLocation	museum
glass front display cabinet	AtLocation	jewelry store
glass front display cabinet	AtLocation	den
birdbath	AtLocation	lawn
stairwell	AtLocation	house
stairwell	AtLocation	multistory build
discard shop list	AtLocation	supermarket
telescope	IsA	device
telescope	IsA	for see thing far away
telescope	AtLocation	in observatory
farm animal	IsA	animal
farm animal	AtLocation	countryside
farm animal	AtLocation	fair
security guard	AtLocation	casino
security guard	AtLocation	store
security guard	AtLocation	at mall
c program	IsA	program
some dog	IsA	very loveable
some dog	IsA	good frisbee player
amsterdam	IsA	in holland
volcano	IsA	violent force of nature
volcano	AtLocation	lava
some lizard	IsA	legless
paint white line	AtLocation	freeway
pair of pant	IsA	one object
pair of pant	AtLocation	dry
pair of pant	AtLocation	dresser
pair of pant	AtLocation	closet
pair of pant	IsA	piece of clothe
pair of pant	IsA	single garment
mahogany	IsA	wood
mahogany	IsA	expensive wood
christianity	IsA	monotheistic religion
christianity	IsA	relegion
christianity	IsA	major world religion
christianity	IsA	catholic
belief in god	AtLocation	church
fog	AtLocation	valley
fog	IsA	cloud on grind
sachet	AtLocation	drawer
zoo	AtLocation	zebra
zoo	AtLocation	elephant
zoo	AtLocation	cage
zoo	AtLocation	monkey
zoo	AtLocation	animal
zoo	AtLocation	lion
zoo	AtLocation	giraffe
seashell	IsA	home for some marine animal
seashell	IsA	grow organism
hero	IsA	often
hero	IsA	give metal to honor them
each person	IsA	unique individual
soccer player	AtLocation	soccer field
vagina	AtLocation	skirt
vagina	IsA	call birth cannal
vagina	IsA	something you want
vagina	IsA	pink and sometimes stinky
vagina	IsA	pink and stinky
baseball bat	AtLocation	closet
baseball bat	AtLocation	home
baseball bat	AtLocation	bedroom
young person	AtLocation	school
young person	AtLocation	mountain
young person	AtLocation	classroom
young person	AtLocation	class
our world	IsA	one planet among many
plutonium	IsA	element
coral	AtLocation	in ocean
coral	AtLocation	sea
unicorn	IsA	mythical magickal horn horse
unicorn	IsA	make-believe creature
mouse in room	AtLocation	computer
one type of case	IsA	if-then situation
firefighter	AtLocation	burn build
brick	IsA	common construction material
brick	IsA	construction material
ann arbor	IsA	in michigan
some movie	IsA	suspenseful
fresh vegetable	AtLocation	market
petrel	IsA	bird
dollar bill	AtLocation	wallet
dollar bill	AtLocation	purse
dollar bill	AtLocation	pocket
address label	AtLocation	drawer
address label	AtLocation	parcel
address label	AtLocation	office
paperweight	AtLocation	your desk
paperweight	AtLocation	desktop
paperweight	AtLocation	desk
sickness	IsA	feel
list	AtLocation	appointment in briefcase
basketball and football	IsA	sport
bride and groom	AtLocation	friend wed
bride and groom	IsA	couple
bride and groom	AtLocation	wed
level	AtLocation	video game
level	IsA	tool
thirty-six	IsA	number
thirty-eight	IsA	number
twenty-three	IsA	number
stepladder	AtLocation	construction worker vehicle
stepladder	AtLocation	hardware store
many country	AtLocation	earth
zork	IsA	game
german	IsA	human language
german	IsA	more structure language than english
german	AtLocation	in germany
german	AtLocation	switzerland
german	IsA	language
all mammal	IsA	vertebrate
potato in bag	AtLocation	potato
canteen	AtLocation	backpack
chess piece	AtLocation	chess set
chess piece	AtLocation	chessboard
chess piece	AtLocation	coffee shop
table leg	AtLocation	table
carousel	AtLocation	carnival
haircutting scissor	AtLocation	hair salon
haircutting scissor	AtLocation	barber shop
haircutting scissor	AtLocation	salon
cot	AtLocation	jail
muffin and celery	IsA	both food
theory	AtLocation	library
theory	IsA	relativity
red blue and yellow	IsA	primary color
tabloid magazine	AtLocation	supermarket
customer	AtLocation	at work
customer	AtLocation	market
customer	AtLocation	bar
food can	AtLocation	cabinet
food can	AtLocation	grocery store
food can	AtLocation	supermarket
food can	AtLocation	recycle bin
galaxy	AtLocation	outerspace
galaxy	IsA	enormous group of star
galaxy	IsA	group of star
galaxy	IsA	astronomical object
galaxy	AtLocation	space
galaxy	AtLocation	planet
community	AtLocation	city
steel pen	AtLocation	warehouse
steel pen	AtLocation	car shop
risk	IsA	board game
balderdash	IsA	board game
trivial pursuit	IsA	board game
headlight	AtLocation	front of vehicle
hair ball	AtLocation	drain
fast food restaurant counter	AtLocation	fast food restaurant
fast food restaurant counter	AtLocation	mcdonalds
fast food restaurant counter	AtLocation	any country
board	IsA	flat piece of wood
board	AtLocation	lumberyard
thespian	AtLocation	theater
thespian	AtLocation	theatre
grape in bunch	AtLocation	grape
person be strange when you	IsA	strange
winnipeg	IsA	in canada
bonn	IsA	in germany
scar	AtLocation	your finger
weight bench	AtLocation	gym
gin	IsA	alcoholic drink
gin	IsA	alcohol
some poem	IsA	about god
some poem	IsA	about love
checkout stand	AtLocation	supermarket
two sister	IsA	sibling
lamp post	AtLocation	street corner
lamp post	AtLocation	street
lamp post	AtLocation	side of road
pipe	IsA	smoke device often
both salad and pizza	IsA	food
both muffin and celery	IsA	food
astronaut pen	AtLocation	space shuttle
group of person	AtLocation	meet
good to be purchase	AtLocation	shop
secretary	AtLocation	at work
secretary	AtLocation	loby
secretary	AtLocation	office
second violin	AtLocation	second chair
understand	AtLocation	family
eight-ball	IsA	billiards game
botanist	IsA	someone who study plant
they	IsA	both food
they	IsA	both clothe
they	IsA	play basketball
they	IsA	green and different plant
they	IsA	plant
they	IsA	watch interest thing
they	IsA	baby and mother
they	IsA	eat shit
they	IsA	play basketball sport
they	IsA	animal call penguin
they	IsA	play game
they	IsA	eatin something on celebration
they	AtLocation	expedition
they	IsA	award for sport
they	AtLocation	sun ray during day
they	IsA	many different animal with name
they	IsA	both person
they	IsA	both loser
they	IsA	both round object
they	IsA	both article of clothe
they	IsA	both freshwater fish
they	IsA	opposite
sock and underwear	AtLocation	sock drawer
night clerk	AtLocation	motel
passageway	AtLocation	airport
impatient person	AtLocation	end of line
foal	IsA	horse
recipe	IsA	set of instruction
wheelchair	IsA	chair
vinegar	IsA	liquid
vinegar	IsA	mild acid
vinegar	IsA	weak acid
vinegar	IsA	dilute organic acid
thunderstorm	IsA	storm
unicycle	IsA	vehicle
holly	IsA	prickley
holly	IsA	tree
target	IsA	something you aim at
target	IsA	something you try to hit
target	IsA	focal point
target	IsA	bullseye
another way to say state	IsA	condition
mileage	IsA	measurement
o'reilly	IsA	publisher of book
state trooper	IsA	policeman
cedar	IsA	coniferous tree
bomber	IsA	aircraft
bomber	AtLocation	bomb
ammunition	AtLocation	gun
ammunition	AtLocation	war
many different language speak	AtLocation	world
cliche	IsA	overuse expression
cliche	IsA	that police offer enjoy eat doughnut
exactly 100 centimeter	AtLocation	meter
nothing	AtLocation	corner
nothing	IsA	nothing
nothing	AtLocation	everywhere at same time
nothing	AtLocation	where something else already be
nothing	IsA	what it seem to be
cast member	AtLocation	disneyland
he	IsA	rotten president
he	IsA	catch football
he	IsA	president
he	IsA	aim for batter nut
he	IsA	write as story in his journal
he	IsA	bill clinton
he	IsA	play saxophone
voltage	IsA	measure of electricity
voltage	IsA	electrical pressure
low gravity	AtLocation	moon
pocket size notebook	IsA	very small notebook
pocket size notebook	AtLocation	office supply store
pocket size notebook	AtLocation	purse
balcony	AtLocation	someone house
balcony	AtLocation	theater
balcony	AtLocation	opera
weight lifter	AtLocation	gym
bartender	AtLocation	bar
speed	IsA	excite and other time frighten
chesspiece in game	AtLocation	chess
steel cable	AtLocation	suspension bridge
steel cable	AtLocation	bridge
steel cable	AtLocation	construction site
steel cable	IsA	cable
steel cable	AtLocation	grind
steel cable	AtLocation	winch
competitor	AtLocation	sport event
sport fan	AtLocation	sport event
stop	AtLocation	organ
stop	AtLocation	every intersection
stop	AtLocation	bathtub
stop	IsA	end
global position system	AtLocation	plane
macaroni	AtLocation	supermarket
macaroni	IsA	pasta
loose shingle	AtLocation	roof
your shadow	AtLocation	you
underwear	AtLocation	suitcase
underwear	AtLocation	sock drawer
underwear	AtLocation	your pant
sleep dog	AtLocation	rug
sleep dog	AtLocation	tree
sleep dog	AtLocation	forest
capital	AtLocation	each state
capital	AtLocation	in country
capital	AtLocation	each country
capital	IsA	principle to capitalism
capital	IsA	where government reside
capital	AtLocation	country
capital	AtLocation	state
population	AtLocation	area with person inhabit it
population	AtLocation	any city
population	AtLocation	petrie dish
population	IsA	group or set
earring	AtLocation	jewelry box
earring	IsA	piece of jewlery
earring	AtLocation	ear
room study	AtLocation	school
patron	AtLocation	movie
patron	AtLocation	resturant
patron	AtLocation	library
heat room	AtLocation	basement
front door	AtLocation	your house
front door	AtLocation	entrance
ticket turnstile	AtLocation	subway
sleep bag	AtLocation	backpack
beach umbrella	AtLocation	beach
preist	AtLocation	confession
best man	AtLocation	wed
mayonaise	AtLocation	jar
mayonaise	AtLocation	refrigerator
mayonaise	AtLocation	sandwich
telephone index	AtLocation	phone book
telephone index	AtLocation	web site
telephone index	AtLocation	office
telephone index	AtLocation	telephone book
cart	IsA	vehicle
ergonomic chair	AtLocation	catalog of office furniture
wed gown	AtLocation	wed
cleanliness	IsA	good thing
period	AtLocation	any sentence
period	AtLocation	end of line
period	IsA	punctuation mark
period	AtLocation	woman
electrical wire	AtLocation	build
merry go round	AtLocation	carnival
merry go round	AtLocation	fair
merry go round	AtLocation	park
merry go round	IsA	playground equipment
confusion	AtLocation	quandry
confusion	AtLocation	in your mind be
confusion	AtLocation	war
confusion	AtLocation	opera
2 pencil	AtLocation	school
english channel in	AtLocation	france and england
other person	AtLocation	mall
sick	IsA	condition of health
sick	AtLocation	home
sick	AtLocation	quarantine area
sick	AtLocation	bed
road kill	AtLocation	street
road kill	AtLocation	freeway
varnish	AtLocation	desk
7-up	IsA	soda
delaware	IsA	state
alaska	IsA	state
leftover	AtLocation	container
leftover	AtLocation	freezer
leftover	AtLocation	refrigerator
leftover	IsA	food
leftover	AtLocation	fridge
vatican	IsA	in italy
stationary	IsA	knick-knacks
stationary	IsA	pencil
event	IsA	party
convenience food store	AtLocation	city
break thing	AtLocation	repair shop
chip	AtLocation	casino
chip	AtLocation	supermarket
chip	IsA	commonly
spring and winter	IsA	both season
flour	AtLocation	cupboard
flour	AtLocation	in pantry
flour	AtLocation	container
flour	IsA	common component of many food
vend machine	AtLocation	rest area
vend machine	IsA	machine
vend machine	AtLocation	work
dark matter	AtLocation	universe
photon	AtLocation	space
photon	IsA	boson
photon	IsA	elementary particle
photon	IsA	both wave and particle
clean chemical	AtLocation	supermarket
checkout line	AtLocation	supermarket
movie watch	IsA	passive entertainment
business card	AtLocation	your desk
business card	AtLocation	desk
business card	AtLocation	box
business card	IsA	important network tool
business card	AtLocation	your desk drawer
business card	AtLocation	office supply store
business card	AtLocation	drawer
cotton shirt	IsA	compost
artic winter	IsA	cold and dry environment
green monster	IsA	slang name for jealousy
violence	AtLocation	hockey game
violence	AtLocation	be do against someone
violence	IsA	bad thing
one or more book	AtLocation	house
lane mark	AtLocation	street
preach	AtLocation	funeral
minister	AtLocation	funeral
minister	IsA	clergyman
sulfuric acid	IsA	strong acid
sulfuric acid	IsA	polyprotic acid
birth	IsA	event type
opposite of create	IsA	dismantle
some language	IsA	easy to learn than other language
mouse droppings	AtLocation	fridge
artic fox	AtLocation	arctic
spite	AtLocation	jealous person
spite	AtLocation	spiteful person
spite	IsA	emotion
spite	AtLocation	argument
pencil holder	AtLocation	desk
fastener binder	AtLocation	hardware store
fastener binder	AtLocation	school
fastener binder	AtLocation	office build
sarcasm	IsA	hurtful to others
sarcasm	IsA	jealousy in bold disguise
on top of house	AtLocation	roof
mare	IsA	female horse
mare	IsA	female animal
fat person	IsA	thin than thin person
stethescope	AtLocation	doctor
stethescope	IsA	tool
stethescope	IsA	doctor tool
reflex hammer	AtLocation	doctor
flesh of orange	AtLocation	inside
jar of pickle	AtLocation	supermarket
mental health	IsA	health
fat sing lady	AtLocation	opera
santa claus	AtLocation	roof
santa claus	IsA	legend
santa claus	AtLocation	north pole
first class airline seat	AtLocation	front of airplane
first class airline seat	AtLocation	747
first class airline seat	AtLocation	jet
first class airline seat	AtLocation	airplane
service counter	AtLocation	store
one religion	IsA	name christianity
hemoglobin	IsA	chemical
hemoglobin	IsA	organic chemical
hemoglobin	IsA	complex molecule
hemoglobin	IsA	pigment
servant	AtLocation	mansion
servant	AtLocation	rich person house
servant	IsA	maid
servant	IsA	butler
mud	AtLocation	bottom of sea
mud	AtLocation	riverbed
mud	AtLocation	water
exotic animal	AtLocation	zoo
asphalt pave	AtLocation	street
jax	IsA	game
jax	IsA	old game
spring	AtLocation	water
spring	IsA	season
dirty dish	AtLocation	sink
dirty dish	AtLocation	kitchen sink
dirty dish	AtLocation	dishwasher
fly	AtLocation	trash
fly	AtLocation	shit
fly	AtLocation	house
fly	AtLocation	countryside
fly	AtLocation	barn
fly	AtLocation	dog pound
fly	IsA	insect
bird in hand	IsA	worth two in bush
bird in hand	IsA	be worth two in bush
great lake	IsA	fresh water
great lake	AtLocation	in michigan
flatliners	IsA	movie
restaurant diner	AtLocation	town
restaurant diner	AtLocation	restaurant
restaurant diner	AtLocation	nice part of town
your clothe	AtLocation	your house
your clothe	AtLocation	at home
large city shop mall	AtLocation	london
large city shop mall	AtLocation	suburbia
yorkshire	IsA	county
long hair	IsA	in during 60
commercial	AtLocation	on television
commercial	IsA	advertisement to sell product
spouse	AtLocation	you
some criminal	IsA	person
acoustic ceiling	AtLocation	music hall
acoustic ceiling	AtLocation	office build
acoustic ceiling	AtLocation	theater
acoustic ceiling	AtLocation	concert hall
part of accordion	IsA	keyboard
toiletry	AtLocation	suitcase
ridicule	IsA	synonym of derision
pouch	AtLocation	wallet
peanut	AtLocation	bar
peanut	AtLocation	plane
peanut	IsA	vegetarian food
peanut	AtLocation	peanut shell
peanut	IsA	legume
peanut	AtLocation	jar
one type of cap	IsA	beanie
love seat	IsA	chair for two person
love seat	IsA	for two person
love seat	AtLocation	home
sibling	AtLocation	family
sibling	IsA	sister
sibling	IsA	brother
corn bread	IsA	bread
california state song	IsA	i love you california
alaska state song	IsA	alaska flag
seed	IsA	nut
seed	AtLocation	tree
seed	AtLocation	pod
arkansas state song	IsA	arkansas
alabama state song	IsA	alabama
arizona state song	IsA	arizona
bra	AtLocation	drawer
bra	AtLocation	suitcase
coast	AtLocation	planet
coast	AtLocation	map
coast	IsA	edge
english	IsA	germanic language
english	IsA	human language
english	IsA	language
wine list	AtLocation	resturant
wine list	AtLocation	print shop
wine list	AtLocation	restaurant
cheque book holder	AtLocation	my purse
cheque book holder	IsA	container
cheque book holder	AtLocation	purse
electronic appliance	AtLocation	household
electronic appliance	AtLocation	electronics store
electronic appliance	AtLocation	den
clog	AtLocation	drain
front yard in front	AtLocation	house
chemical	AtLocation	chemistry lab
chemical	IsA	drug
chemical	AtLocation	laboratory
chemical	IsA	water
steak and bread	IsA	both food
test equipment	AtLocation	laboratory
produce	AtLocation	at grocery store
produce	AtLocation	market
set of dish	AtLocation	cabinet
gate leg table	AtLocation	dine room
athelete	AtLocation	sport event
athelete	AtLocation	stadium
quiet place to study	AtLocation	library
office equipment	AtLocation	table
office equipment	AtLocation	office
mourn person	AtLocation	funeral
foyer	IsA	glorify mudroom
foyer	AtLocation	spacious house
foyer	AtLocation	build
foyer	AtLocation	mansion
ostrich eye	IsA	big than it brain
country	IsA	geopolitcal region of world
country	AtLocation	great outdoors
country	AtLocation	flag
country	IsA	canada
country	AtLocation	land
country	IsA	usa
country	IsA	france
country	AtLocation	farm
country	IsA	england
country	AtLocation	government
country	AtLocation	field
country	AtLocation	town
country	IsA	america
camp site	AtLocation	forest
on earth	IsA	live person
scrap food	AtLocation	trash
finch	IsA	animal
finch	AtLocation	park
finch	IsA	small bird
finch	IsA	bird
wednesday	IsA	weekday
family member	AtLocation	relative house
something old	AtLocation	museum
pacific ocean in	AtLocation	north america and asia
giant	IsA	sport team
giant	IsA	creature from fable
hot and cold	IsA	opposite
bread and steak	IsA	food
price for anthrax spore	IsA	3,685 plus ship cost
three of cup	IsA	secure environment
osama bin lade group	IsA	al qaeda
louise erdrich first novel	IsA	love medicine
feel dominate	IsA	threat control-override symptom
your uncle	IsA	your parent brother
anime	AtLocation	comic book store
anime	IsA	animation
carbon dioxide	IsA	greenhouse gas
carbon dioxide	AtLocation	air
opera	IsA	entertainment event
opera	IsA	music concert
opera	AtLocation	orchestra
opera	IsA	sing
opera	AtLocation	music
opera	AtLocation	stage
kern	IsA	important part of typography
blood pressure machine	AtLocation	doctor
solitaire	IsA	card game
santa clause	AtLocation	roof
50 state	AtLocation	unite state
50 state	AtLocation	be part of unite state
bag of chip	AtLocation	supermarket
wave clip	AtLocation	woman hair
wave clip	AtLocation	computer
row machine	AtLocation	gym
deli restaurant	AtLocation	new york city
deli restaurant	AtLocation	chicagi
deli restaurant	AtLocation	chicago
deli restaurant	AtLocation	new york
deli restaurant	IsA	place to get food quickly
continent	IsA	big than country
continent	IsA	large land mass
continent	IsA	mainland
continent	IsA	africa
continent	IsA	america
continent	AtLocation	country
bird that cannot fly	IsA	flightless bird
travel abroad	IsA	great experience
eat at captain table	IsA	honor
teach	IsA	important cultural activity
yo yo	IsA	toy
superstition	IsA	bad thing
superstition	AtLocation	church
organization	IsA	good thing
open mind	IsA	very important thing to have
open mind	IsA	blank chalkboard
nightmare	IsA	scary dream
nightmare	IsA	frighten dream
jihad	IsA	holy war
miracle	IsA	event
cinderella	IsA	fictional character
cinderella	IsA	fairytale person
marina	IsA	place to keep boat
marina	IsA	place with many boat
marina	IsA	home to many fisherman
colorado blue spruce	IsA	plant
horse jump	IsA	olympic sport
horse jump	IsA	sport for girl and homosexual
cock	IsA	male chicken
cock	AtLocation	henhouse
cock	AtLocation	some chick
cock	IsA	flightless bird
cock	AtLocation	zoo
cock	IsA	type of bird
cock	IsA	large bird
cock	IsA	animal
mdma	IsA	empherical drug
mdma	AtLocation	party
mdma	AtLocation	rave
granite	IsA	very hard type of rock
arson	IsA	crime involve fire
microprocessor	IsA	electronic component
microprocessor	AtLocation	computer
hardness	IsA	mechanical property
go on cuise	IsA	good way to relax
matter	IsA	anything
matter	IsA	energy
equation	IsA	mathematical statement
equation	AtLocation	blackboard
equation	AtLocation	school
equation	AtLocation	math book
courtyard	IsA	open space
courtyard	AtLocation	versailles
courtyard	IsA	open space between build
overpopulation	IsA	serious problem
overpopulation	IsA	solvable problem
beos	IsA	operate system
hotdog stand	AtLocation	at corner of two street
police men	AtLocation	at roadblock
meditate	AtLocation	peace
reality	IsA	what we experience
reality	IsA	world
lsd	IsA	drug
bow	IsA	temporary knot
bow	AtLocation	archery range
bow	IsA	knot of ribbon
bow	IsA	ornament
bow	IsA	knot with two loop
female	IsA	human
female	IsA	ride horse in competition
female	IsA	woman
female	IsA	girl
scuba diver	AtLocation	water
scuba diver	AtLocation	underwater
solar cell	AtLocation	space
solar cell	AtLocation	outerspace
vcr	AtLocation	television
vcr	AtLocation	in your room
look	IsA	cheap than buy
election	IsA	event
election	IsA	event type
dictator	IsA	politician
quarterback	IsA	footpall player
coffee bean	IsA	strong and need to be grind
golden gate bridge	IsA	san francisco landmark
golden gate bridge	IsA	bridge
golden gate bridge	IsA	suspension bridge
golden gate bridge	IsA	in san francisco
golden gate bridge	IsA	near san francisco
golden gate bridge	IsA	in san francisco bay area
golden gate bridge	IsA	in california
card index	IsA	database
card index	AtLocation	library
espresso	IsA	very strong coffee
cappuchino	IsA	coffee
dream catcher	IsA	native american item
dinner party	IsA	oportunities for social interaction
dinner party	IsA	social event
dinner party	IsA	good way to socialize
dinner party	IsA	for eat and socialize
this bell	IsA	very shiney
competitive sport	IsA	good exercise
large cat	IsA	good hunter
large cat	IsA	predator they eat other animal
large cat	IsA	meat eater
young mind	IsA	blank slate
compaq	IsA	computer
compaq	IsA	company
primary color	IsA	good attracter of attention
spectacle	IsA	glass
diskette	IsA	information storage device
skeleton key	IsA	antique
skeleton key	IsA	no long common
pittsburgh penguin	IsA	professional hockey team
musical note	IsA	language
musical note	IsA	symbol
musical note	IsA	like number
musical note	IsA	particular frequency
musical note	IsA	way to convey music
apple cider	IsA	taste of autumn
rotary telephone	IsA	thing of past
write word	IsA	effective communication tool
write word	IsA	wonderful thing
bono	IsA	singer
bono	IsA	from ireland
bono	IsA	piece of ass
bono	IsA	freak
bono	IsA	philanthropist
bono	IsA	politically active singer
bono	IsA	human
night sky	IsA	more visible away from big city
night sky	IsA	different every time
hug	IsA	for comfort
hug	IsA	form of social interaction
hug	IsA	way of
hug	IsA	way of show affection
prix de france	IsA	famous bicycle race
chime	IsA	bell
briar	IsA	pipe
lipid	IsA	important constituent of cell membrane
c-clamp	IsA	common tool
fillet fish	IsA	art
capitol build	AtLocation	neo-classical syle
capitol build	IsA	where lawmaker work
enterprise	IsA	fictional space ship
enterprise	IsA	starship capable of warp speed
enterprise	IsA	science fiction show
lure	AtLocation	fish pond
lure	AtLocation	tackle box
future	AtLocation	our child
palm tree	IsA	tall bush
palm tree	IsA	tree
palm tree	AtLocation	carribbean
palm tree	IsA	generally
palm tree	IsA	tropical plant
palm tree	AtLocation	middle of tiny island
c clamp	IsA	usefull tool
privacy	IsA	major issue in medicine
privacy	AtLocation	closet
privacy	AtLocation	house
privacy	AtLocation	bed
privacy	AtLocation	bedroom
hardwood floor	AtLocation	carpet
color ribbon	IsA	form of free speech
domestic cat	IsA	carnivore
domestic cat	IsA	small cat
wood duck	IsA	decoy
hot water bottle	IsA	hold next to you body
hot water bottle	AtLocation	bedroom
hot water bottle	AtLocation	home
saxaphone	IsA	single reed instrument
saxaphone	IsA	woodwind instrument
saxaphone	IsA	wind instrument
saxaphone	IsA	brass musical instrument
saxaphone	IsA	musical instrument
happiness	IsA	state of mind
happiness	AtLocation	eye of baby
happiness	IsA	bliss
exercise equipment	AtLocation	ymca
lizzard	IsA	reptile
old paint	AtLocation	basement
upright ear	IsA	distance sensor
onoins	IsA	fruit
most common hat	IsA	baseball cap
dalmation	IsA	spot dog
ping pong	IsA	fun game
ping pong	IsA	very popular sport in china
ping pong	IsA	sport
ping pong	IsA	game similar to tennis
ping pong	IsA	very popular sport in chine
ping pong	IsA	very sport in chine
ping pong	IsA	best
ping pong	IsA	game involve small ball
ping pong	IsA	miniture tennis
ping pong	IsA	call table tennis
ping pong	IsA	game
wooden hanger	IsA	best for suit and formal wear
music note	IsA	symbol for sound
robe	IsA	clothe
rolodex	IsA	tool
rolodex	IsA	small than cow
rolodex	IsA	trademark name
sheet music	IsA	language
nautilis	IsA	sea creature
utensil	IsA	culinary tool
utensil	AtLocation	dinner
utensil	IsA	spoon
shoot star	IsA	meteor
jewelery	IsA	wearable artwork
jewelery	IsA	worth money
bulls-eye	AtLocation	center of circle
paddle	AtLocation	fraternity house
paddle	IsA	tool
paddle	IsA	good exercise
paddle	IsA	tire
paddle	IsA	move object across water
center of target	IsA	bullseye
design	IsA	art form
ancient jewelry	IsA	artifact
dart board	IsA	form of target
dart board	IsA	game
dart board	AtLocation	shape of circle
dart board	IsA	often
dart board	IsA	hang so
dart board	IsA	important game in irish pub
this flag	IsA	patriotic symbol for america
africa	IsA	home to many large animal
africa	IsA	beautiful place
africa	IsA	interest continent
africa	IsA	colorful place
africa	IsA	home to many exotic animal
africa	IsA	everyone home
africa	AtLocation	lion
africa	AtLocation	elephant
bicycle race	IsA	sport
confrontation	IsA	stage production
fleur-de-lis	IsA	stylize iris flower
outerspace	IsA	place
outerspace	AtLocation	sky
vacume cleaner	IsA	noisey
cruise ship	IsA	float hotel
cruise ship	AtLocation	sea
road less travel	IsA	good path
road less travel	IsA	poem by robert frost
skull	IsA	head bone
skull	AtLocation	brain
bellbottoms	IsA	pant
lightining	IsA	disastorous
pineapple	IsA	prickley
pineapple	AtLocation	pizza
pineapple	AtLocation	supermarket
pineapple	IsA	big than grape
pineapple	IsA	sign of welcome in hawaii
pineapple	AtLocation	fridge
pineapple	IsA	food
pineapple	AtLocation	refrigerator
pineapple	IsA	fruit
lock and key	IsA	very old mechanism
sphere	IsA	circle in two dimension
sphere	IsA	three-dimensional geometric shape
sphere	IsA	earth
sphere	IsA	ball
sphere	IsA	moon
chinese fortune cookie	IsA	american invention
beanie	IsA	trademark of 50 style scamp
beanie	IsA	hat without brim
beanie	IsA	for geek
grandparent	IsA	parent of parent
grandparent	IsA	parent parent
grandparent	IsA	your parent parent
dessert	IsA	last course in meal
dessert	IsA	last meal course
dessert	IsA	course of dinner
dessert	IsA	food that taste sweet
dessert	IsA	fatten
dessert	AtLocation	cookie
salamander	IsA	small amphibian
salamander	IsA	amphimbians
fraud	IsA	deception
large house	IsA	call mansion
large house	IsA	sign of wealth and affluence
thomas crown affair	IsA	1998 movie
thomas crown affair	IsA	horrible movie
black person	IsA	different race than white person
black person	IsA	second-class citizen
black person	IsA	not slave anymore
black person	IsA	clean his wash machine
air pump	IsA	tool
simple tool	IsA	incline plane
bridge design	IsA	engineer specialty
group of cow	IsA	herd
kayak	IsA	small boat
kayak	IsA	small light boat
kayak	IsA	exercise
kayak	IsA	fun and great exercise
kayak	IsA	move small boat
kayak	IsA	human-powered
kayak	IsA	hard work
kayak	IsA	vehicle type
kayak	IsA	canoe
brass	IsA	heavy alloy
legal pad	AtLocation	desk
red flag	IsA	symbol
carbohydrate	IsA	form of sugar
carbohydrate	IsA	sugar
palomino	IsA	horse
chamber nautilaus	IsA	very mathematical shape
some boat	IsA	much big than others
robinson crusoe	IsA	maroon on desert island
praire dog	IsA	mammal
panther	IsA	beautiful cat
panther	IsA	animal
eiffel tower in france	IsA	worldwide landmark
nest	AtLocation	table in restaurant
nest	IsA	sign of love in bird
nest	IsA	home for bird
nest	IsA	house for bird
nest	AtLocation	table in lounge
nest	AtLocation	bird
x-ray	AtLocation	airport
this tool	IsA	not in use
steam engine	IsA	machine
steam engine	IsA	more astheticaly please than others
steam engine	IsA	old train
steam engine	IsA	external combustion engine
steam engine	IsA	important invention
piggy bank	IsA	collectable item
piggy bank	IsA	often make or porcelain
piggy bank	IsA	one way to save money
nature	IsA	our only source of life
nature	AtLocation	itself
nature	IsA	everywhere
nature	IsA	neccesary
nature	IsA	strong than technology
nature	IsA	survival of fit
eiffle tower	IsA	raido tower
eiffle tower	IsA	radio tower
eiffle tower	IsA	in france
eiffle tower	IsA	in paris france
folk song	IsA	popular form of music
mood	IsA	satelite of earth
mood	IsA	blue
tortoise and hare	IsA	good story
tortoise and hare	IsA	one of aesop fable
card game	IsA	game of skill
card game	IsA	game
card game	IsA	form of social interaction
card game	IsA	form of gamble
back gammen	IsA	fun board game
back gammen	IsA	board game
cocktail party	IsA	good place to meet person
snail	IsA	molusks
snail	IsA	hermaphrodite
snail	IsA	slow than bicycle
fake tooth	IsA	no substitute for real tooth
bycicles	IsA	mode of transportation
bycicles	IsA	pedal to make them move
daddy	IsA	male parent
daddy	AtLocation	bathroom again
wicker	IsA	passe
wicker	IsA	woman thing
president of unite state	IsA	important man
floppy disc	IsA	simple form of data storage
floppy disc	IsA	common household item
cook utensil	AtLocation	jar
where	IsA	we
where	IsA	generosity
thumbtack	AtLocation	desk
thumbtack	IsA	call pushpin
audi	IsA	car
audi	IsA	german car manufacturer
hundred dollar	IsA	amount of money
weekend	IsA	popular time to go camp
multiplication	IsA	arithmetic
airline seat	AtLocation	onboard plane
angel	IsA	epitome of selflessness
angel	IsA	cherub
many woman	IsA	mother but no men be mother
bolt and nut	IsA	fasten device
pierce brosnan	IsA	genius
pierce brosnan	IsA	actor
pierce brosnan	IsA	fag
daycare	AtLocation	baby
french-fry	IsA	julian-sliced potato
hide-a-bed	AtLocation	live room
hide-a-bed	IsA	couch and bed
romance novel	IsA	book
province	IsA	unit of government
elementary school	IsA	school for young child
elementary school	IsA	place for learn basic thing
elementary school	IsA	school
badminton	IsA	fun game
badminton	IsA	olympic sport
badminton	IsA	very popular sport in asia
badminton	IsA	very popular sport in malaysia
badminton	IsA	sport
launch complex	AtLocation	flordia
launch complex	AtLocation	cape canaveral florida
dvd	IsA	optical disk
dvd	AtLocation	in dvd drive
dvd	AtLocation	in store
dvd	AtLocation	in dvd box
dvd	AtLocation	in dvd player
dvd	IsA	medium for store information
dvd	IsA	medium
bubble	AtLocation	swim pool
bubble	IsA	spheroid of air
bubble	AtLocation	water
ten	IsA	number
grasper	AtLocation	robot
war game	IsA	sedentary pastime
television set	AtLocation	store
television set	IsA	call tv
guinness	IsA	beer
budget	IsA	characteristic of financial system
hobby	IsA	thing to do in sparetime
hobby	IsA	collect
doug batcholor	IsA	seventh day adventist evangelist
plastic bottle	IsA	recyclables
extrovert	IsA	friendly outgo person
marathon	IsA	sport event
marathon	IsA	very long ehausting race
marathon	IsA	event for individual runner
marathon	IsA	olympic event
marathon	IsA	26.2 mile long
marathon	IsA	great distance
betty boop	IsA	cartoon character
storage	AtLocation	locker
miss piggy	IsA	muppet
miss piggy	IsA	imaginary be
dirty needle	IsA	significant factor in transmit disease
dry ice	IsA	solid carbon dioxyde
subway map	AtLocation	subway station
bill of right	IsA	declaration of inalienable right
bonnie tyler	IsA	singer
bonnie tyler	IsA	person
cannonball	AtLocation	civil war museum
cannonball	IsA	dive
cannonball	AtLocation	battle
dot	AtLocation	end of line
clutch bag	IsA	bag with clutch
disney land	IsA	amusement park
gong	AtLocation	music store
gong	AtLocation	orchestra
gong	AtLocation	museum
gong	AtLocation	tibet
gong	IsA	plate shape musical instrument
gong	AtLocation	chinatown
discothque	AtLocation	center of city
question mark	IsA	form of punctuation
accordian bag	AtLocation	accordian
accordian bag	AtLocation	scotland
accordian bag	AtLocation	orchestra pit
accordian bag	AtLocation	music store
accordian bag	IsA	two word
environment	IsA	delicate balance of nature
environment	AtLocation	ecology
trash receptacle	AtLocation	alley
trash receptacle	AtLocation	office
committee	AtLocation	government
committee	AtLocation	office build
thumb tack	AtLocation	drawer
thumb tack	AtLocation	wall
thumb tack	AtLocation	bulletin board
thumb tack	AtLocation	cork board
choker	IsA	wide band necklace
choker	AtLocation	jewelry store
choker	AtLocation	jewelry box
choker	IsA	jewelry
manila folder	IsA	office folder
manila folder	AtLocation	briefcase
manila folder	AtLocation	file cabinet
manila folder	AtLocation	office
coffe table	IsA	piece of furniture
coffe table	AtLocation	rug
some ship	IsA	vacation destination
natural gas	IsA	renewable resource
natural gas	IsA	fuel
rolex	IsA	watch
rolex	IsA	very expensive watch
morning glory	IsA	flower
cigar	AtLocation	intern
tweezer	IsA	skin care article
tweezer	IsA	grip small object
cauldron	IsA	ancient vessel of brew make
cauldron	IsA	small black cast-iron pot
combo pass	AtLocation	ticket counter
combo pass	AtLocation	a
lantern	IsA	light source
lantern	AtLocation	house
lantern	AtLocation	festival
folk	IsA	just human
folk	IsA	genre of music
computer industry	IsA	waste of world resource
fay	IsA	fairy
bugle	AtLocation	band
elf	IsA	another sentient race in celtic lore
elf	AtLocation	fairy tale
fear dearc	IsA	far darrig in celtic lore
bockle	IsA	brownie
fear dearg	IsA	far darrig in celtic lore
faerie	IsA	another sentient race in celtic lore
faerie	IsA	nature spirit
cu sith	IsA	green dog in celtic lore
cu sith	IsA	supernatural dog in celtic lore
cailleach bheur	IsA	fairy
cailleach bheur	IsA	blue hag in celtic lore
cailleach bheur	IsA	triple be in celtic lore
fiancee	IsA	maried with d c
nautilas shell	IsA	spiral in form
stage entrance	AtLocation	theater
token	AtLocation	machine that dispense token
token	AtLocation	coin collection
token	AtLocation	arcade
token	IsA	symbol
cutlass	IsA	model of car
latex	IsA	paint
alternator	IsA	part of auto
floppy	IsA	part of p c
skin care article	AtLocation	woman magazine
skin care article	AtLocation	magazine
skin care article	AtLocation	magizine
skin care article	AtLocation	drug store
banker	IsA	person
studio pedestal	AtLocation	artist studio
contraction	IsA	way to shorten phrase
laugh	IsA	express feel
example of construction machinery	IsA	front end loader
play music	IsA	lot of fun
statute of liberty	IsA	american icon
top of eiffel tower	IsA	eat place
adam sandler	IsA	singer
mastercards	IsA	form of credit
funeral	AtLocation	casket
funeral	AtLocation	body
funeral	AtLocation	grave
funeral	AtLocation	coffin
fire hydrant	AtLocation	on street
fire hydrant	AtLocation	city
south dakota	IsA	state in use
south dakota	IsA	state
exchange of vow	IsA	critical part of ceremony
wed reception	IsA	celebration for family
iranian	IsA	human who live in iran
chick	IsA	baby chicken
stethascope	IsA	stereotypical sign of doctor
arab	IsA	arab person
raw fish	IsA	nutritious food
raw fish	AtLocation	japanese food
raw fish	IsA	slimey
goal	IsA	form of motivation
goal	IsA	something
cousin	IsA	person
cousin	IsA	family relationship term
our sun	IsA	ordinary star
drawstring bag	IsA	good laundry bag
drawstring bag	AtLocation	store
intellectual task	IsA	work
raisin	IsA	dry grape
raisin	AtLocation	supermarket
raisin	IsA	fruit
movie tickt	IsA	ducument
more person	IsA	right
richard stallman	IsA	moral leader
rectangle	IsA	four-sided figure
rectangle	IsA	figure
rectangle	IsA	shape
rectangle	IsA	square
human brain	IsA	very complex organ
boat race	IsA	sport
carolina panther	IsA	football team
another pest	IsA	mouse
roadway	AtLocation	any city
roadway	AtLocation	countryside
altar	AtLocation	at church
altar	AtLocation	sanctuary
altar	AtLocation	temple
central passage	AtLocation	public build
central passage	AtLocation	arena
divorce	IsA	fact of life
divorce	IsA	when marry couple separate legallyt
divorce	IsA	when marry couple separate legally
divorce	IsA	event type
pay day	IsA	fun day
acid rain	IsA	form of pollution
subway pass	IsA	ticket onto subway
subway pass	AtLocation	new york
subway pass	AtLocation	my pocket
subway pass	AtLocation	your wallet
subway pass	AtLocation	purse
subway pass	AtLocation	city
tissue holder	AtLocation	convenient spot
tissue holder	AtLocation	dotor office
tissue holder	AtLocation	bathroom
needlepoint	AtLocation	sew
needlepoint	AtLocation	art store
needlepoint	AtLocation	craft store
needlepoint	AtLocation	book on american colonial art
phoenix	IsA	mythical egyptian bird
watt	IsA	joule per second
baby duck	IsA	duckling
threat of death	IsA	good deterrent
short	IsA	pant
short	IsA	short than pant
rollodex	IsA	form of database
madagascar	IsA	country
busy hand	IsA	happy hand
ratchet screwdriver	AtLocation	my basement
ratchet screwdriver	AtLocation	tool belt
keypad	AtLocation	phone
sorrow	IsA	emotion
propeller	IsA	way of power aircraft
propeller	IsA	for push air
affordable healthcare	IsA	human right
white sox	IsA	baseball team
parasite	IsA	important factor in evolution
parasite	IsA	flea
styrofoam	IsA	material
styrofoam	IsA	not enviromentaly freindly
bottom of ocean	IsA	dark place
carry on bag	AtLocation	airport
save and loan crisis	IsA	event that occur
token slot	AtLocation	video game machine
token slot	AtLocation	park lot
token slot	AtLocation	bus station
token slot	AtLocation	metro
bill gate	IsA	very rich wealthy man
bill gate	IsA	person
bill gate	AtLocation	university
soy product	IsA	alternative to chicken for vegetarian
uranium	IsA	metal
honda accord	IsA	popular type of car
find constellation	IsA	skill
next statement	IsA	fact about our social system
above statement	IsA	fact about ecosystem
whisker	AtLocation	man face
vasectomy	IsA	sterilization technique
sue	IsA	dry her automobile
paper towel	AtLocation	grocery store
like	IsA	fun
bass drum	AtLocation	march band
bass drum	AtLocation	drum set
sail ship	IsA	wind-powered vessel
sail ship	AtLocation	sea
sail ship	IsA	wind-powered ship
holly bough	IsA	common christmas decoration
bidet	IsA	bathroom fixture
bidet	AtLocation	european bathroom
bidet	IsA	machine
bidet	AtLocation	bathroom
bidet	AtLocation	europe
democracy	IsA	form of government
democracy	IsA	good thing
democracy	IsA	idea
democracy	IsA	political system
democracy	IsA	place
democracy	IsA	america
bottle opener	IsA	call church key
card turnstile	AtLocation	new jersey
voter	IsA	one who doe vote
voter	AtLocation	democracy
traveller	AtLocation	train station
traveller	AtLocation	rest area
traveller	AtLocation	airport
photographer	AtLocation	waterfall
photographer	AtLocation	wed
lesbian	AtLocation	bar
user test	IsA	test
persian cat	IsA	cat
saucer	IsA	disc
saucer	AtLocation	cupboard
saucer	IsA	small plate
tropical place	IsA	popular tourist magnet
saab	IsA	automobile
saab	IsA	brand of car
cymbal	IsA	musical instrument
discotheque	IsA	european disco
evergreen	IsA	tree
recorder	IsA	instrument
louvre	IsA	museum in france
sylph	IsA	faerie spirit of air
white-out	IsA	correction fluid
white-out	AtLocation	desk
synthesizer	IsA	instrument
reincarnation	IsA	natural law
mumps	IsA	computer language
mumps	IsA	illness
mumps	IsA	disease
auto harp	IsA	instrument
limerick	IsA	form of poetry
athena	IsA	greek god
den	AtLocation	mountainside
den	AtLocation	cave
bongo	IsA	instrument
paper sign	AtLocation	store window
undine	IsA	faerie spirit of water
libra	IsA	sign of zodiac
burger king	IsA	fast food restaurant
landmark	AtLocation	country
landmark	IsA	connection to history
landmark	AtLocation	city
naiad	IsA	grecian water nymph
rasin bran	IsA	cereal
handfasting	IsA	betrothal ceremony
candle magick	IsA	form of sympathetic magick
ritual	IsA	part of ceremony
ritual	IsA	ceremony
cash coin	AtLocation	coin purse
cash coin	AtLocation	purse
cash coin	AtLocation	you pocket
legato	IsA	connect and flow rhythm
nymph	IsA	grecian woodland spirit
vetrenarian	IsA	animal doctor
coven	IsA	group of witch
odyssey	IsA	epic poem
taco bell	IsA	fast food restaurant
aphrodite	IsA	greek god
van	IsA	big then car
van	AtLocation	school
flight terminal	AtLocation	large city
success	AtLocation	your vocation
success	AtLocation	new job
success	AtLocation	business
baseball field	AtLocation	baseball stadium
scepter	IsA	wand
cocaine	IsA	illegal drug
cocaine	IsA	chemical
cocaine	IsA	drug
cocaine	IsA	crack
misery	AtLocation	jail
artemis	IsA	greek god
parchment	IsA	paper
pair of scissor	AtLocation	drawer
spork	IsA	combination of spoon
hyena	IsA	carnivore
hyena	IsA	mammal
drop of blood	AtLocation	potato peel
drop of blood	AtLocation	needle
drop of blood	AtLocation	blood bank
cheetah	IsA	carnivore
cheetah	IsA	fast than person
cheetah	IsA	cat
safely pin	IsA	very useful invention
puma	IsA	carnivore
puma	IsA	predator
tab	AtLocation	bar
shore	IsA	high than water
shore	AtLocation	california
shore	AtLocation	shell
spaniel be dog which	IsA	pet
illusion	IsA	magic
swamp	IsA	breed grind for many insect
swamp	AtLocation	river delta
swamp	AtLocation	bayoo
swamp	AtLocation	warm wet climate
swamp	AtLocation	mosquito
swamp	AtLocation	alligator
swamp	AtLocation	frog
swamp	AtLocation	louisiana
relaxation	IsA	vital part of life
error	IsA	something
supply	IsA	necessary burden
supply	IsA	necessary ro conduct business
yankee	IsA	baseball team
blue jay	IsA	canadian baseball team from toronto
cold	IsA	cause by virus
cold	IsA	adjective
laptop	IsA	mobile computer
laptop	AtLocation	at my desk
laptop	AtLocation	screen
jesus christ	IsA	our lord and saviour
jesus christ	IsA	lord and saviour
inmate	AtLocation	jail
barrel	AtLocation	market
barrel	AtLocation	monkey
barrel	IsA	container
mite	IsA	arthropod
test	AtLocation	school
pizzeria sell pizza which	IsA	food
warehouse	AtLocation	forklift
traffic artery	AtLocation	major city
hour glass	IsA	ancient way of measure time
hour glass	IsA	one way to measure time
hour glass	IsA	ancient way to calculate time
train window	AtLocation	train station
train window	AtLocation	train
corner cupboard	AtLocation	kitchen
regatta	IsA	boat race
north america	IsA	continent on planet earth
north america	IsA	continent
concert	IsA	form of entertainment
concert	IsA	event type
concert	AtLocation	guitar
concert	IsA	show
single fact	IsA	datum
ozone	AtLocation	atmosphere
falcon	IsA	raptor
falcon	IsA	animal
falcon	IsA	bird
some game	IsA	properly
meadow	IsA	terrain
meadow	IsA	clear in wood
meadow	AtLocation	field
whale shark	IsA	shark not whale
loan	IsA	form of debt
cool device	AtLocation	computer
cool device	AtLocation	gun barrel
hyundai	IsA	car
four leaf shamrock	IsA	lucky charm
retriever	IsA	specific breed of dog
retriever	IsA	dog
retriever	IsA	dog with gentle disposition
casual	IsA	shoe
wolrd	IsA	small place
person who make sculpture	IsA	artist
pocket watch	IsA	nice timepiece
pocket watch	IsA	watch
pocket watch	IsA	old-fashioned way to tell time
pocket watch	IsA	large than wrist watch
pocket watch	IsA	beautiful time piece
title	AtLocation	safe deposit box
ocean cruise	IsA	vacation
boundary	AtLocation	sport event
bar of soap	AtLocation	bathtub
dip	IsA	part of dinner
yoga	IsA	body train
yoga	IsA	physically relax activity
toy balloon	AtLocation	circus
toy balloon	AtLocation	birthday party
toy balloon	AtLocation	amusement park
shotgun wad	IsA	sabot
lan	IsA	local area network
preacher	IsA	minister of religion
preacher	AtLocation	in church
preacher	AtLocation	at church
preacher	AtLocation	cathedral
resistivity of aqueous solution	IsA	function of temperature
nun	AtLocation	cathedral
nun	AtLocation	church
usenet	IsA	global bulletin board
auditor	IsA	examiner of account
pet dog	IsA	chattel
goose	IsA	wary bird
goose	IsA	animal
goose	IsA	bird
commuter	AtLocation	train station
commuter	AtLocation	bus depot
old car	AtLocation	junk yard
pant	IsA	clothe
pant	AtLocation	suitcase
pant	IsA	breathe rapidly in short gasp
pant	IsA	trouser
bristol	IsA	place
ambiguity	IsA	double mean
gamma ray	IsA	electromagnetic wave
gamma ray	IsA	radiation
ocd	IsA	disease
ocd	IsA	life-long psychological anxiety disorder
esperanto	IsA	artificial language
cd player	AtLocation	your house
cycle	IsA	good exercise
sweat-shirt	IsA	shirt
hippie	IsA	irrelevent
hippie	AtLocation	coffee shop
hippie	IsA	prevelent in 1960s
eggplant	IsA	vegetable
produce movie	IsA	business
uranus	AtLocation	outerspace
uranus	IsA	planet in our solar system
uranus	IsA	greek god
uranus	AtLocation	space
uranus	IsA	planet
venus	AtLocation	outer space
venus	IsA	planet in our solar system
venus	AtLocation	universe
venus	AtLocation	outerspace
venus	AtLocation	sky
venus	AtLocation	orbit
venus	AtLocation	space
sunday	IsA	day of rest
sunday	IsA	holiday
mamals	IsA	vertibrates
saturn	IsA	planet
mar	IsA	place
mar	IsA	small than earth
mar	IsA	4,217 mile in diameter
mar	IsA	size of earth
mar	IsA	planet
monday	IsA	weekday
messy desk	IsA	sign of organize mind
messy desk	IsA	disorganize desk
messy desk	IsA	sign of disorganization
susie hendrix	IsA	great saxaphone player
siberian husky	IsA	breed of dog
siberian husky	IsA	dog
junior	IsA	term denote youth and inexperience
aerobics	IsA	physical exercise for body
aerobics	IsA	good form of excercise
aerobics	IsA	healthy exercise
manse	IsA	large stately residence
standard	IsA	flag banner or ensign
settee	IsA	small or medium-sized sofa
forrest	IsA	large collection of tree
wind power	IsA	useful method of locomotion
curious george	IsA	monkey
morny glory	IsA	flower
master card	IsA	credit card
indoor plumb	IsA	great convenience
drag queen	IsA	man in woman clothe
guitarr	IsA	musical instrument
far darrig	IsA	solitary fairy in celtic lore
caileach bheur	IsA	blue hag in celtic lore
cyhraeth	IsA	banshee in celtic lore
bean-sidhe	IsA	female fairy
cluricaun	IsA	solitary fairy in celtic lore
daoine sidhe	IsA	irish name for fairy
pixie	IsA	different name for brownie
coblynau	IsA	mine spirit in celtic lore
clobhair-ceann	IsA	cluricaun in celtic lore
caoineag	IsA	banshee in celtic lore
penknife	IsA	useful tool
penknife	IsA	multi-purpose tool
funk	IsA	music to listen to
nurse staff	IsA	team provide nurse service
lorry	IsA	funny sound word
middle c	IsA	note on piano
prince charles	IsA	keen polo player
turkish angora	IsA	kitten or cat
space flight	IsA	popular fantasy of human
be alone	IsA	choice
control anger	IsA	very useful skill
nonagon	IsA	nine-sided figure
pacifire	IsA	substitute for woman nipple
capacino	IsA	gormet coffee
sailboat race	IsA	international sport
sailboat race	IsA	major sport
one freshman	IsA	freshman
send flower	IsA	way of show your feel
aquarium	IsA	control environment for aquatic specimen
aquarium	IsA	popular hobby
aquarium	AtLocation	fish
write set	IsA	thing to write with
queen hat	IsA	piece of history
propeller beanie	IsA	silly hat
propeller beanie	IsA	novelty hat
propeller beanie	IsA	stereotypic nerdwear
pipe smoke	IsA	cross-cultural phenomenon
pipe smoke	IsA	disgust habit
dental chair	IsA	operate platform
dental chair	AtLocation	dentist office
honda cellica	IsA	make and model of car
year with 366 day	IsA	leap year
walleye	IsA	fish person catch when they fish
be tall	IsA	advantage in basketball
yerba mate	IsA	stimulate and refresh drink
log boom	IsA	heavy thing to tow
fruit salad	IsA	healthy food serve
quadruped	IsA	four-legged animal
quadruped	IsA	fast than biped
western ride	IsA	lot more fun than english
book of shadow	IsA	secret diary of magickal purpose
voilin	IsA	string instrument
wart	IsA	lump on your finger
wart	AtLocation	someone nose
pentacle	IsA	five-pointed star within circle
laptop computer	IsA	portable computer
laptop computer	IsA	large than pda
chalice	IsA	sacred cup or goblet
pentagram	IsA	five-pointed star
sense of humor	IsA	good trait
corporation	IsA	large business
grimoire	IsA	magickal workbook
ghurible	IsA	shallow three-legged dish
chalise	IsA	ritual goblet
little knowledge	IsA	dangerous thing
do laundry	IsA	unpleasant chore
groupe	IsA	tasty edible fish
feather down	IsA	good insulator
nuclear submarine	IsA	powerful weapon
calm water	IsA	excellent reflector
eat outside	IsA	lot of fun
social interaction	IsA	complex affair
excavation	IsA	way of mine ore
excavation	AtLocation	quarry
excavation	AtLocation	montana
excavation	AtLocation	egypt
good health	IsA	universal goal
big dog	IsA	good watchdog
fancy dine	IsA	very different experience than mcdonalds
salve	IsA	heal ointment
chattel	IsA	movable possession
er diagram	IsA	conceptual schema for database
digital game timer	IsA	electronic clock
wan	IsA	wide area network
michael flatley	IsA	professional irish step dancer
hair colour	IsA	genetically-controlled trait
me	AtLocation	titty bar
me	AtLocation	hockey game
me	AtLocation	university library
telivision	AtLocation	live room
loose sock	AtLocation	dry
political rant	AtLocation	ayn rand
midget	AtLocation	sideshow
midget	AtLocation	pornography
whey	AtLocation	margarine
mitochondrion	AtLocation	cell
sonnet	AtLocation	book of poetry
bettor	AtLocation	casino
coal	AtLocation	your stock
coal	AtLocation	underground
coal	IsA	fossil fuel
coal	AtLocation	bed
coal	AtLocation	coal mine
coal	AtLocation	coal scuttle
coal	IsA	carbon
coal	AtLocation	fire
contentment	AtLocation	dream only
contentment	IsA	good feel
fungus in air	AtLocation	house
studio crane	AtLocation	music studio
studio crane	AtLocation	hollywood
beaver in	AtLocation	pair of small
kitten in	AtLocation	mother cat
lemur in cage	AtLocation	zoo
diaphragm	AtLocation	your respitory system
entrance hall	AtLocation	school
entrance hall	AtLocation	house
entrance hall	AtLocation	build
entrance hall	AtLocation	chaple
crash cymbal	AtLocation	march band
crash cymbal	AtLocation	drum shop
rat poison	AtLocation	drugstore
batten	AtLocation	theater
vanity case	AtLocation	airport baggage carousel
stack chair	AtLocation	wed
stack chair	AtLocation	auditorium
stack chair	AtLocation	civic center
storage furniture	AtLocation	bedroom
storage furniture	AtLocation	storage room
rule in	AtLocation	law book
small dog in	AtLocation	small dog lover home
small dog in	AtLocation	small dog house
rod in	AtLocation	sport store
camel	AtLocation	desert
wind instrument in	AtLocation	opera
suntan lotion	AtLocation	shop
suntan lotion	AtLocation	drugstore
coffe	AtLocation	cafe
upright piano	AtLocation	live room
upright piano	AtLocation	music class
upright piano	AtLocation	house
upright piano	AtLocation	college
coil	AtLocation	bath
coil	AtLocation	auto part shop
coil	AtLocation	refridgerator
coil	AtLocation	circuit
coil	IsA	shape
coil	AtLocation	television
coil	AtLocation	refrigerator
coil	IsA	spring
crab dolly	AtLocation	warehouse
double knit	AtLocation	sweater
double knit	AtLocation	clothe store
double knit	IsA	form of cloth
stage slot	AtLocation	theatre
forklift in	AtLocation	factory
tooth in	AtLocation	5-year old child pillow
marmot in	AtLocation	buffet
pitchfork comb	AtLocation	a'do
pitchfork comb	AtLocation	hay barn
pitchfork comb	AtLocation	hay stach
eyeliner	AtLocation	cosmetic department
eyeliner	IsA	pencil
eyeliner	IsA	makeup
donut	AtLocation	police car
donut	IsA	junk food
donut	IsA	bagel
donut	AtLocation	bakery
continental quilt	AtLocation	shop
continental quilt	AtLocation	usa
chess rook in	AtLocation	chess board
chine cotton	AtLocation	farm
chine cotton	AtLocation	field
anemone in	AtLocation	tide pool
vehicle bomb	AtLocation	terrorist country
vehicle bomb	AtLocation	vehicle
vehicle bomb	AtLocation	middle east
soil	AtLocation	grind
soil	IsA	sand
soil	AtLocation	garden
maggot	AtLocation	rotten meat
maggot	AtLocation	compost
mammoth in ice	AtLocation	grind
racist	AtLocation	at bob jones university
racist	AtLocation	fundamentalist church
racist	AtLocation	kkk
tweed	AtLocation	clothe store
tweed	AtLocation	clothe
tweed	IsA	cloth
tweed	AtLocation	scotland
very tall build	AtLocation	new york city
torpedo	AtLocation	military submarine
torpedo	AtLocation	submarine
pussy willow plant	AtLocation	pond
side chair	AtLocation	bedroom
side chair	AtLocation	office
side chair	AtLocation	library
clamp binder	AtLocation	knapsack
fast food restaurant	AtLocation	center of town
fast food restaurant	AtLocation	shop mall
fast food restaurant	AtLocation	city
fast food restaurant	AtLocation	big city
fast food restaurant	AtLocation	strip mall
fast food restaurant	AtLocation	town centre
fast food restaurant	AtLocation	any populate area
satisfaction	AtLocation	interest work
satisfaction	AtLocation	give gift
satisfaction	AtLocation	brothel
gift shop	AtLocation	hotel
gift shop	AtLocation	museum
tomato plant	AtLocation	nursery
tomato plant	IsA	poisonous but tomato be not
tuna	IsA	fish
master control	AtLocation	center
master control	AtLocation	main office
master control	AtLocation	city
master control	AtLocation	subway
master control	AtLocation	house
master control	AtLocation	room
master control	AtLocation	build
master control	AtLocation	home
aerial bomb	AtLocation	war
top floor	AtLocation	tall build
top floor	AtLocation	apartment highrise
top floor	AtLocation	office build
refill	AtLocation	stationary store
balustrade	AtLocation	grand ballroom
firebomb	AtLocation	terrorist workshop
firebomb	AtLocation	terrorist home
firebomb	AtLocation	battle
dacha	AtLocation	russia
grid object	AtLocation	grid
grid object	AtLocation	program
niece	AtLocation	your brother house
niece	AtLocation	family reunion
niece	AtLocation	family
binder	AtLocation	back pack
binder	AtLocation	class room
binder	AtLocation	bookbag
hang file	AtLocation	file cabinet
graveyard	AtLocation	arlington
graveyard	AtLocation	epitaph
graveyard	AtLocation	corpse
graphite	IsA	carbon
graphite	AtLocation	pencil
fruit in or rather	AtLocation	tree
fish in sea or	AtLocation	aquarium
jelly fish	AtLocation	sea
leave in or rather	AtLocation	tree
stray dog	AtLocation	pound
pip	AtLocation	grape unless they be seedless
vitamin c in	AtLocation	many fruit
apple in or rather	AtLocation	apple tree
oasis	AtLocation	desert
decoration in or rather	AtLocation	christmas tree
very little oxygen in atmosphere	AtLocation	mar
hypnotist	AtLocation	stage show
carburettor	AtLocation	car
central heat	AtLocation	north american home
hope	IsA	feel
buffalo	AtLocation	both india and africa
buffalo	IsA	mammal
comfortable chair	AtLocation	lounge or live room
comfortable chair	IsA	contour to body
insane person	AtLocation	lunatic asylum
claw in or rather	AtLocation	crab
headboard in or rather	AtLocation	head of bead
reflection	AtLocation	introvert
reflection	IsA	either upside-down or backwards
reflection	IsA	reverse image
reflection	AtLocation	mirror
crater in or rather	AtLocation	moon
benefit	AtLocation	regular exercise
clock in or rather	AtLocation	wall
sew machine	AtLocation	home
sew machine	AtLocation	tailor shop
roof in or rather	AtLocation	house
flea in or rather	AtLocation	dog
studio control room	AtLocation	television studio
mill in	AtLocation	historic town
green leave	AtLocation	tree during spring and summertime
rosebush in	AtLocation	garden store
pillow case in	AtLocation	bed
religious tract in rack	AtLocation	church
diswasher	AtLocation	kitchen
exersize equipment	AtLocation	gym
international highway	AtLocation	outdoors
pork butch	AtLocation	butch shop
pork butch	AtLocation	butcher shop
radio studio in	AtLocation	radio station
bee in flower	AtLocation	spring
book office	AtLocation	england
book office	AtLocation	build
book office	AtLocation	travel agency
cow in barn	AtLocation	dairy farm
brownstone	AtLocation	brooklyn
brownstone	AtLocation	town
brownstone	AtLocation	country
brownstone	AtLocation	large city
tripod dolly	AtLocation	movie studio
tripod dolly	AtLocation	film studio
tripod dolly	AtLocation	studio
linen in closet or	AtLocation	bed
role	AtLocation	bread drawer
role	AtLocation	play
border	IsA	line between country
border	IsA	stupid idea
border	AtLocation	ship
border	IsA	fence
restaurant dine area	AtLocation	food court
restaurant dine area	AtLocation	hotel
restaurant dine area	AtLocation	mall
restaurant dine area	AtLocation	restaurant
sound control room	AtLocation	theatre
sound control room	AtLocation	studio
sound control room	AtLocation	record studio
vent brush	AtLocation	vent
sight	IsA	sense
lesbianism	IsA	homosexuality
lesbianism	IsA	sexual orientation
eukaryoyte	IsA	organism
nausea	AtLocation	boat
shit	AtLocation	forest
shit	AtLocation	lawn
obsessive-compulsive disorder	IsA	mental illness
pizza parlor	IsA	pizzeria
pizza parlor	AtLocation	city
pizza parlor	IsA	restaurant
leave ear	IsA	ear
right ear	IsA	ear
socialism	IsA	political ideology
socialism	IsA	ideology
socialism	IsA	government
anarchism	IsA	political ideology
anarchism	IsA	visceral revolt
feminism	IsA	political ideology
cherub	AtLocation	heaven
werewolf	IsA	monster
genocide	AtLocation	bible
genocide	IsA	crime
whorehouse	IsA	build
whorehouse	IsA	place to buy prostitute
whorehouse	AtLocation	city
equality for everyone	IsA	ideal
equality for everyone	AtLocation	america
equality for everyone	IsA	issue
equality for everyone	IsA	law
provocateur	IsA	person
mad scientist	IsA	person
swallow semen	IsA	fetish
swallow semen	IsA	sexual activity
indica	IsA	marijuana
indica	IsA	marijuanna
communism	IsA	extreme leftist ideology
communism	IsA	political ideology
communism	IsA	think
communism	IsA	ideology
communism	IsA	abstract concept
communism	IsA	government
city park	IsA	park
city park	AtLocation	city
medical doctor	IsA	doctor
medical doctor	IsA	person
motor oil	IsA	oil
vault	AtLocation	money
elbow	IsA	joint
winery	AtLocation	town
winery	IsA	factory
winery	IsA	place
winery	IsA	room
winery	AtLocation	any large city
xenon	IsA	gas
xenon	IsA	element
get stab with knife	AtLocation	desk
get stab with knife	IsA	tool
get stab with knife	AtLocation	hospital
john mccain	IsA	republican
ecstasy	IsA	emotion
ecstasy	AtLocation	nightclub
ecstasy	IsA	mdma
ecstasy	IsA	feel
ecstasy	AtLocation	rave
ecstasy	IsA	drug
harare	IsA	city
harare	IsA	city in zimbabwe
kerosene	IsA	fuel
ms-dos	IsA	operate system
butane	IsA	gas
butane	IsA	fuel
bronze	IsA	metal
hostility	AtLocation	war zone
consciousness	IsA	mental process
shame	IsA	emotion
shame	AtLocation	church
relativity	IsA	college level subject
relativity	IsA	theory
hydrogen bomb	IsA	weapon
gnocchi	IsA	pasta
gnocchi	IsA	food
ankle	IsA	joint
erection	AtLocation	man
poppy	IsA	opiate
dick	IsA	character in child book
dick	AtLocation	mall
broil	IsA	cook
lust	IsA	poison of mind
libertarianism	IsA	political ideology
pornographic magazine	IsA	porn
pornographic magazine	AtLocation	under bed
friendship	IsA	sometimes
benzodiazepine	IsA	psychoactive drug
lebanon	IsA	country
category theory	IsA	math
category theory	IsA	abstract math
poop	AtLocation	dirty diaper
poop	AtLocation	zoo
poop	AtLocation	lawn
poop	AtLocation	wood
poop	AtLocation	country
poop	AtLocation	field
poop	AtLocation	meadow
poop	AtLocation	countryside
poop	AtLocation	street
poop	AtLocation	tree
television view	IsA	activity
coconut	IsA	object
coconut	AtLocation	store
coconut	IsA	food
coconut	IsA	domesticate plant
oatmeal	AtLocation	store
oatmeal	AtLocation	apartment
oatmeal	AtLocation	cupboard
oatmeal	AtLocation	house
oatmeal	AtLocation	kitchen
oatmeal	IsA	food
slide	AtLocation	park
crew sock	IsA	sock
switchblade	IsA	knife
conecept design	IsA	art
conecept design	AtLocation	entertainment industry
caerphilly	IsA	cheese
stilton	IsA	cheese
psychology	IsA	academic department
psychology	AtLocation	textbook
tie-dye	IsA	activity
tie-dye	AtLocation	camp
pay phone	IsA	telephone
pay phone	AtLocation	airport
cut board	AtLocation	in kitchen
cut board	AtLocation	kitchen
ramen	IsA	noodle soup
pancake	IsA	usually
right whale	IsA	whale
sei whale	IsA	whale
bichon frise	IsA	dog
dalmatian	IsA	dog
schipperke	IsA	dog
biplane	IsA	airplane
keeshond	IsA	dog
baleen whale	IsA	whale
bowhead whale	IsA	whale
humpback whale	IsA	whale
mormon	IsA	christianity
drizzle	IsA	rain
white rice	IsA	rice
house mouse	IsA	mouse
cappuccino	IsA	coffee
cappuccino	IsA	coffee base drink
cappuccino	IsA	good strong coffee
cappuccino	IsA	drink
grape juice	IsA	juice
grape juice	AtLocation	refrigerator
hindi	IsA	language
hindi	IsA	human language
muffin	AtLocation	internet cafe
muffin	AtLocation	oven
prototheria	IsA	mammal
hut	IsA	build
trade card	IsA	card
action movie	IsA	movie
titan	IsA	moon
science fiction movie	IsA	movie
cherry tree	IsA	tree
brontosaurus	IsA	dinosaur
b	IsA	blood type
b	IsA	letter
animation	IsA	hobby
animation	IsA	anime
cthulhu	IsA	fictional character
thief	AtLocation	jail
cottage cheese	IsA	cheese
white bread	IsA	bread
even	IsA	time
even	IsA	when sun set
contrabass	IsA	string
contrabass	IsA	musical instrument
epee	IsA	sword
tetri	IsA	computer game
stiletto	IsA	dagger
aluminium	IsA	metal
sport car	IsA	car
coupe	IsA	car
physical object	AtLocation	reality
zeus	IsA	greek god
park car	AtLocation	airport
oxygen tent	AtLocation	hospital
knick-knack	AtLocation	shelf
knick-knack	AtLocation	lawn
tampon	AtLocation	purse
tampon	AtLocation	bathroom
detritus	AtLocation	forest
four main direction	IsA	north south east and west
saphire	IsA	stone
saphire	IsA	jewel
bracelet	AtLocation	jewelry store
spider web	AtLocation	corner
sauda	IsA	in norway
norman	IsA	graduate student
every part	IsA	whole
massachuset	IsA	state
tennesee	IsA	state
c	IsA	example of program language
c	IsA	procedural program lanuage
c	IsA	program language
boater	AtLocation	boat
ping-pong	IsA	very popular game in europe
ping-pong	IsA	fun pasttime
ping-pong	IsA	game
ping-pong	IsA	call table tennis
all real thing	IsA	construction
st john	IsA	in canada
collard green	IsA	vegetable
collard green	AtLocation	farmer market
division	IsA	operation
graph	AtLocation	line
spiral	IsA	curve
spiral	IsA	tie-dye
spiral	IsA	often
ray	IsA	flat fish
tanker	IsA	truck
igloo	IsA	house
grin	IsA	smile
baseball mitt	IsA	glove
person who be kind	IsA	good person
sand dollar	AtLocation	beach
composition of earth	IsA	17 percent magnesium
pamphlet	AtLocation	library
neckwear	AtLocation	closet
neckwear	AtLocation	tie store
nova	AtLocation	space
post it note	AtLocation	desk
haircloth	AtLocation	bathroom
vanderbilt	IsA	university
calender	AtLocation	desk
calender	AtLocation	hang on wall
occasional odd sock	AtLocation	sock drawer
flower pot	AtLocation	porch
cold drink	AtLocation	beach
sea weed	AtLocation	bottom of sea
pair of slipper	AtLocation	your bed
grandma	AtLocation	relative house
no tobacco advertisement broadcast	AtLocation	radio
hypocrisy	AtLocation	church
hypocrisy	AtLocation	at church
igneous rock	AtLocation	moon
nonsense	AtLocation	church
sustainable growth	IsA	oxymoron
religious fanatic	AtLocation	front door
mind control	AtLocation	church
mind control	AtLocation	cathedral
rational think	AtLocation	university
rational think	AtLocation	system of philosophy
rational think	AtLocation	laboratory
rational think	AtLocation	school
intelligent design	IsA	dressed-up version of creationism
true believer	AtLocation	church
third month	IsA	autumn
one surgical procedure for removal	IsA	pneumonectomy
one surgical procedure for removal	IsA	cystectomy
very few clear and simple fact	AtLocation	world
one instance of vessel	IsA	ship
mastercard	IsA	credit card
person who scuba dive	AtLocation	water
hair clog	AtLocation	drain
robin egg	IsA	sky blue
barbell	AtLocation	at gym
placard	AtLocation	at demonstration
vat	IsA	large tub that hold liquid
sad person	AtLocation	at funeral
sad person	AtLocation	funeral
short test	IsA	quiz
locker	AtLocation	at school
locker	AtLocation	locker room
locker	AtLocation	dress room
locker	AtLocation	storage
heat element	AtLocation	in oven
heat element	AtLocation	oven
life jacket	AtLocation	in boat
cider	IsA	carbonate drink
lcd monitor	IsA	display unit
stewardess	AtLocation	in plane
busdriver	AtLocation	in bus
x-ray machine	AtLocation	at airport
x-ray machine	IsA	medical equipment
metal detector	AtLocation	at airport
glove compartment	AtLocation	in car
fern	AtLocation	in forest
weight machine	AtLocation	at gym
weight machine	AtLocation	gym
shingle	AtLocation	on roof
shingle	AtLocation	roof
outboard motor	AtLocation	in boat
editorial	AtLocation	in newspaper
editorial	AtLocation	newspaper
aeroplane	AtLocation	at airport
aeroplane	IsA	heavy than air
aeroplane	IsA	device
bodybuilder	AtLocation	at gym
driver seat	AtLocation	in car
rack	AtLocation	in oven
rack	AtLocation	oven
torah	AtLocation	at synagogue
playground	AtLocation	at park
playground	AtLocation	swing
playground	AtLocation	park
playground	AtLocation	school
anchor	AtLocation	in boat
toothbrush handle	AtLocation	bathroom
toothbrush handle	AtLocation	toothbrush holder
toothbrush handle	AtLocation	my hand
barf bag	AtLocation	in plane
infant	IsA	baby
dry seaweed	AtLocation	on beach
sticky floor	AtLocation	at movie
sticky floor	AtLocation	theater
sticky floor	AtLocation	show
mugger	AtLocation	on subway
mugger	AtLocation	dark alley
hockey player	AtLocation	at hockey game
sport good store	AtLocation	mall
train seat	AtLocation	train
resin	AtLocation	tree
resin	IsA	amber
typewriter keyboard	AtLocation	office
typewriter keyboard	AtLocation	computer set
system	AtLocation	watch thing
system	AtLocation	computer
puberty	IsA	challenge time for teenager
puberty	IsA	gradual process of sexual development
intel	IsA	company
intel	IsA	computer manufacture company
mule	IsA	mammal
mule	IsA	hoof mammal
mule	IsA	cross between horse and donkey
mule	AtLocation	grand canyon
elk	IsA	mammal
elk	AtLocation	antler
moose	IsA	deer
moose	AtLocation	antler
moose	IsA	mammal
capri	IsA	island
parrot	IsA	animal
parrot	AtLocation	zoo
parrot	IsA	bird
john stuart mill	IsA	philosopher
malaria	IsA	disease
nightingale	IsA	animal
nightingale	IsA	bird
metallica	IsA	band
charles barkley	IsA	basketball player
motorola	IsA	company
nicholas nickleby	IsA	book
housefly	IsA	insect
boy george	IsA	artist
dr pepper	IsA	beverage
opah	IsA	fish
walnut	IsA	specie
walnut	IsA	nut
oak	IsA	specie
iguana	IsA	reptile
iguana	IsA	lizard
mealybug	IsA	insect
gypsy moth	IsA	insect
gypsy moth	IsA	moth
japanese beetle	IsA	insect
wagtail	IsA	bird
juniper	IsA	plant
swift	IsA	good glider
swift	IsA	bird
bee-eater	IsA	bird
euonymus	IsA	plant
quetzal	IsA	bird
beige	IsA	colour
lesotho	IsA	country
colorado	IsA	place
neil armstrong	IsA	astronaut
usa today	IsA	newspaper
ray bradbury	IsA	writer
earthworm	IsA	animal
earthworm	IsA	segment worm
plato	IsA	philosopher
centipede	IsA	animal
venus flytrap	IsA	plant
fly fish	IsA	fish
fly fish	IsA	usually
university of florida	IsA	university
macworld	IsA	magazine
tigger	IsA	fictional character
cozumel	IsA	island
iran	IsA	country
greenland	IsA	country
greenland	IsA	not really that big
greenland	IsA	not big than south america
luxembourg	IsA	country
greece	IsA	country
hungary	IsA	country
catfish	IsA	animal
catfish	AtLocation	zoo
catfish	AtLocation	any ocean
catfish	AtLocation	restaurant
catfish	AtLocation	sea
catfish	AtLocation	pond
catfish	AtLocation	water
sea cucumber	IsA	animal
sea cucumber	AtLocation	water
sea cucumber	AtLocation	bottom of sea
bison	IsA	mammal
bison	IsA	animal
mongolia	IsA	country
nile	IsA	in africa
cattle	IsA	animal
cattle	AtLocation	country
cattle	AtLocation	farm
charles darwin	IsA	scientist
soulfly	IsA	band
yahtzee	IsA	game
gull	IsA	animal
gull	IsA	good glider
gull	AtLocation	sea
pelican	AtLocation	zoo
pelican	IsA	bird
pelican	IsA	animal
nightwish	IsA	band
bruce chatwin	IsA	writer
friedrich nietzsche	IsA	philosopher
heraclitus	IsA	philosopher
indiana jones	IsA	fictional character
mali	IsA	country
perch	IsA	fish
field hockey	IsA	sport
martina hingis	IsA	tennis player
edinburgh	IsA	place
kosovo	IsA	country
cannabis	AtLocation	garden
cannabis	AtLocation	amsterdam
cannabis	AtLocation	growhouse
cannabis	IsA	plant
cannabis	AtLocation	thc
bluegill	IsA	fish
douglas adam	IsA	writer
douglas adam	IsA	person
douglas adam	IsA	mammal
douglas adam	IsA	animal
radio city music hall	AtLocation	new york city
radio city music hall	IsA	music hall
dandy warhol	IsA	band
oil tanker	IsA	ship
simon fraser university	IsA	university
bob jones university	IsA	university
bob jones university	AtLocation	home
bob jones university	IsA	place
moldavia	IsA	country
krill	IsA	crustacean
arthropod	IsA	animal
dall porpoise	IsA	mammal
coral snake	IsA	reptile
sea lion	IsA	mammal
softball	IsA	team sport
softball	IsA	sport
sesame	IsA	plant
infectious disease	IsA	disease
gladius	IsA	sword
pink	IsA	realxing
pink	IsA	light than red
pink	IsA	woman color
pink	IsA	pale version of red
pink	IsA	color often
pink	IsA	terrible color for interior decor
pink	IsA	color
carp	IsA	goldfish
game cube	IsA	video game console
xbox	IsA	video game console
java script	IsA	program language
drink coffee	IsA	activity
pocket lint	AtLocation	your pocket
yell	IsA	result of angry emotion
current event	AtLocation	newspaper
toe	AtLocation	sock
park	IsA	usually in city
park	IsA	normally in city
park	AtLocation	library
park	IsA	good place to go to relax
park	AtLocation	grass
park	AtLocation	slide
park	AtLocation	city
park	AtLocation	dog
park	AtLocation	playground
patience	IsA	great quality
patience	IsA	virtue
corpse	AtLocation	coffin
devil	AtLocation	hell
dust mite	AtLocation	bed
driver license	AtLocation	wallet
question	IsA	acquire knowledge
question	AtLocation	quandry
illegal alien	IsA	person
cat feces	AtLocation	litter box
retire	AtLocation	florida
libertarian	IsA	individualist
antibiotic	IsA	penicillin
old gum	AtLocation	sidewalk
sear tower	AtLocation	chicago illinois
formula	AtLocation	house
hydrogen atom	AtLocation	space
hydrogen atom	AtLocation	sun
hydrogen atom	AtLocation	interstellar space
hydrogen atom	AtLocation	star
hydrogen atom	AtLocation	water
genitals	AtLocation	your leg
genitals	IsA	vagina
your wallet	AtLocation	your pocket
desk pad	AtLocation	desk
wrist rest	AtLocation	desk
address book	AtLocation	desk
mouse pad	AtLocation	desk
inbox	AtLocation	desk
sticky pad	AtLocation	desk
box of tissue	AtLocation	desk
coaster	AtLocation	desk
roll of tape	AtLocation	desk
air mail stamp	AtLocation	desk
date stamp	AtLocation	desk
return mail	AtLocation	desk
copyholder	AtLocation	desk
message pad	AtLocation	desk
vendor	AtLocation	farmer market
green bean	AtLocation	farmer market
rutabaga	AtLocation	farmer market
turnip	AtLocation	farmer market
turnip	IsA	vegetable
kale	AtLocation	farmer market
fresh flower	AtLocation	farmer market
fresh flower	IsA	nice touch
corn on cob	AtLocation	farmer market
corn on cob	IsA	tasty vegetable
booth	AtLocation	farmer market
lawn mower	AtLocation	shed
lawn mower	AtLocation	hardware store
lawn mower	AtLocation	garage
file folder	AtLocation	cabinet
octagon	IsA	shape
octagon	IsA	figure
poster	IsA	decoration
poster	AtLocation	theater
poster	IsA	form of graphic art
list of website	AtLocation	search engine
stripper	AtLocation	strip club
sewer	AtLocation	rat
sewer	AtLocation	street
sewer	AtLocation	water
sewer	AtLocation	feces
believer	IsA	religion
believer	AtLocation	church
killer	AtLocation	death row
diploma	AtLocation	frame
diploma	IsA	document type
rapist	AtLocation	jail
client	AtLocation	office
drunk	AtLocation	jail
drunk	AtLocation	gutter
drunk	AtLocation	rehab
drunk	AtLocation	bridge
drunk	AtLocation	concert
jewler	AtLocation	jewlery store
roll of toilet paper	AtLocation	bathroom
dancer	AtLocation	street
dancer	AtLocation	ballet
your finger	AtLocation	your nose
face	AtLocation	nose
pda	IsA	computer
pda	IsA	electronic device
common sense	IsA	nonsense
application	IsA	piece of software
diver	AtLocation	water
heavy metal	IsA	metal
sand dune	IsA	very large pile of sand
sand dune	IsA	hill
group of gorilla	IsA	troop
naked person	IsA	source of pleasure
tennis racket	IsA	piece of tennis equiptment
spinach	IsA	food edible by human
spinach	AtLocation	your own freezer
spinach	AtLocation	market
good beer	AtLocation	germany
good beer	AtLocation	czech restaurant
movie star	AtLocation	hollywood
movie star	AtLocation	movie
movie star	AtLocation	tv
gas station	AtLocation	country
gas station	AtLocation	town
gas station	AtLocation	city
gas station	AtLocation	road
gas station	AtLocation	any large city
facial tissue	AtLocation	purse
web site	AtLocation	internet
tweeter	AtLocation	speaker
cpu	AtLocation	motherboard
antenna	AtLocation	roof
torso	IsA	body part
earth worm	AtLocation	good garden soil
my foot	AtLocation	end of my leg
human communicate	AtLocation	internet discussion group
stew	AtLocation	potato
stew	IsA	food
yellow and red tree leave	AtLocation	lawn in fall
hot coffee	AtLocation	coffee pot
hot coffee	AtLocation	coffee cup
pink plastic flamingo	AtLocation	lawn
leave and twig	AtLocation	forest floor
antelope	AtLocation	american west
break coffee cup	AtLocation	trash
cowboy	AtLocation	in texas
cowboy	IsA	ususally
sick dog	AtLocation	vet office
sick dog	AtLocation	animal hospital
tundra	AtLocation	artic
arctic seal	AtLocation	arctic
spleen	AtLocation	person
postal chess	IsA	slow game
creationists	AtLocation	bob jones university
creationists	AtLocation	church
person with money	AtLocation	art show
flap	AtLocation	wing of aircraft
age	IsA	period of existence
newspaper clip	AtLocation	scrap book
normal person	AtLocation	work
router	AtLocation	network
router	IsA	computer network device
liar	IsA	person who lie
history	IsA	impotant
crowd train	AtLocation	india
d	IsA	fast food
d	IsA	letter
o	IsA	blood type
something you find book	IsA	idea
georgia	IsA	state with coastline
georgia	IsA	state
state of maryland	IsA	in unite state
photo album	AtLocation	attic
cushion	AtLocation	room
cushion	AtLocation	back of sofa
digestion	IsA	improve if you masticate your food
melissa etheridge	IsA	lesbian
some mistake	IsA	not correctable
nuclear war	IsA	very bad human activity
monarch	IsA	person of power
monarch	IsA	queen
your birthday	IsA	day
cream cheese	IsA	dairy product
cream cheese	IsA	very fatten
thorn	AtLocation	rose garden
fable	IsA	story
two boy	IsA	play soccer
two boy	AtLocation	floor read and talk
two boy	IsA	talk together
two boy	IsA	play basketball
this house	IsA	three story tall
microorganism	IsA	everywhere
wooden spoon	AtLocation	jar
hotdog	IsA	often
hotdog	AtLocation	sport event
hotdog	IsA	fatten
hotdog	IsA	food with many ingredient
hotdog	IsA	yucky especially with relish and onion
hotdog	IsA	form of food
hotdog	AtLocation	freezer
hotdog	AtLocation	refrigerator
hotdog	AtLocation	restaurant
hotdog	AtLocation	fridge
hotdog	AtLocation	grocery store
hotdog	AtLocation	supermarket
hotdog	IsA	food
banquet	IsA	fancy dinner
cappucino	IsA	delicious drink
cappucino	IsA	good coffee
cappucino	IsA	variety of coffee
cappucino	IsA	italian invention
cappucino	IsA	coffee drink with froth milk
south pole	IsA	at antarctica
south pole	IsA	in antarctica
these horse	IsA	friend
these horse	IsA	face each other
quarter	IsA	worth twenty five cent
quarter	IsA	worth twenty-five cent
blow	IsA	wind
most tractor	IsA	paint john deere green
raptor	IsA	bird
raptor	IsA	carniverous bird
some picture	IsA	not photograph
many thing	AtLocation	teach child
crap	IsA	game that use dice
crap	IsA	game of chance
crap	IsA	gamble game
cut wood	IsA	tedious and physically stress activity
tulip	IsA	flower in plant kingdom
tulip	IsA	spring flower
tulip	IsA	heavy flower
tulip	IsA	palepink
tulip	IsA	beautiful flower
tulip	IsA	flower
lox	IsA	variety of smoke salmon
lox	IsA	smoke salmon
starship enterprise	IsA	science fiction
some galaxy	AtLocation	shape of spiral
desert island	IsA	common theme in fantasy
right handness	IsA	prevelent
soccor	IsA	sport
cookie fortune	IsA	film by robert altman
many different country	AtLocation	world
workplace	IsA	often office
earth our planet	IsA	sphere
serenity	IsA	state of mind
binoculars	IsA	make distant thing seem close
binoculars	AtLocation	bird
seven continent	AtLocation	planet earth
seven continent	AtLocation	our planet earth
seven continent	AtLocation	earth
more black	AtLocation	jail than white
spanner	IsA	metal colour
spanner	IsA	tool
many planet	AtLocation	our solar system
many planet	AtLocation	solar system
pussy	IsA	stinky
pussy	IsA	pink and stinky
pussy	IsA	vagina
violens	IsA	string instrument
violens	IsA	musical instrument
queen of england	IsA	monarch
queen of england	IsA	very famous person
queen of england	IsA	over one hundred year old now
queen of england	IsA	figure head
horse and human	IsA	animal
waffle	AtLocation	syrup
this horse	IsA	show how handsome he be
this horse	IsA	domesticate
kiwi fruit	IsA	fruit
your home	IsA	your castle
telephone ring when someone	IsA	call
many lubricant available	AtLocation	masturbation
life saver	IsA	candy too
save money	IsA	good idea
chesse	IsA	dairy product
resort	IsA	build often
thing in space	IsA	frequently in orbit
straight flush	IsA	pretty good hand
straight flush	IsA	difficult poker hand to get
straight flush	IsA	excellent poker hand
boy will	IsA	boy
most build	IsA	phallic
old map	IsA	innacurate
most politician	IsA	liar
penguines look like they	IsA	wear tuxedo
suck	IsA	action
radiation	AtLocation	space
plural of cat	IsA	cat
these penquins	IsA	bird
time fly by when you	IsA	have fun
this animal	IsA	hunter
this animal	IsA	cat family
this animal	IsA	preditor
both horse and human	IsA	mammal
some book	IsA	for read some for writting in
some book	IsA	big than other
magic	IsA	really about illusion
magic	AtLocation	fairy tale
mountain climb	IsA	skill
these	IsA	african animal
these	IsA	old book
these	IsA	not real tooth
these	IsA	old book in library
these	IsA	two person engage in conversation
these	IsA	special kind of tooth
these	IsA	two horse talk to each other
these	IsA	some weird-looking clothe
these	IsA	african naimals
these	IsA	false tooth for presentation
these	IsA	five play card
these	IsA	chatter tooth
these	IsA	two person study
these	IsA	two different type of corn
these	IsA	old hardbound book
these	IsA	two person
these	IsA	two dice
these	IsA	some person have dinner
these	IsA	all animal from africa
these	IsA	fake tooth
these	IsA	two sumo wrestler
these	IsA	sport trophies
these	IsA	shelve book
these	IsA	two ear of partially shuck corn
these	IsA	two boy play soccer
these	IsA	two doll of white person
pendant	IsA	for decoration
pendant	AtLocation	shape of peace sign
lot of food	AtLocation	america
downtown area	IsA	place
pianist	IsA	person
butler	AtLocation	mansion
butler	IsA	person
butler	IsA	servant
house keeper	AtLocation	mansion
house keeper	IsA	servant
depress person	AtLocation	pschiatric hospital
leave hand	IsA	hand
artistic expression	IsA	urge
praise	AtLocation	gallery open
praise	IsA	measurement
praise	AtLocation	friend wed
praise	AtLocation	cathedral
praise	IsA	feedback
praise	AtLocation	home
praise	AtLocation	synagogue
coupon	AtLocation	grocery store
coupon	AtLocation	market
jeep	IsA	off-road vehicle
jeep	AtLocation	street
cook oil	AtLocation	house
cook oil	IsA	oil
vandelism	IsA	crime
death penalty	IsA	issue
sharp point	AtLocation	kitchen
musical composition	AtLocation	home
musical composition	AtLocation	library
musical composition	AtLocation	concert hall
musical composition	AtLocation	university
bottle wine	AtLocation	store
bottle wine	AtLocation	house
bottle wine	AtLocation	market
bottle wine	AtLocation	resturant
bottle wine	AtLocation	home
bottle wine	AtLocation	dine room
bottle wine	AtLocation	mall
bottle wine	AtLocation	winery
bottle wine	AtLocation	your pantry
bottle wine	IsA	food
bottle wine	AtLocation	cabinet
bottle wine	AtLocation	boat
bottle wine	AtLocation	kitchen
bottle wine	AtLocation	bar
bottle wine	AtLocation	supermarket
bottle wine	AtLocation	hotel
bottle wine	AtLocation	shelf
bottle wine	AtLocation	party
bottle wine	AtLocation	grocery store
bottle wine	IsA	container
bottle wine	AtLocation	cafe
music hall	AtLocation	build
music hall	AtLocation	town
music hall	AtLocation	city
music hall	AtLocation	school
music hall	IsA	theatre
order food	IsA	activity
order food	AtLocation	restaurant
order food	AtLocation	mall
orbit	AtLocation	satellite
orbit	AtLocation	space
orbit	AtLocation	planet
vineyard	IsA	farm
vineyard	IsA	place
mozart music	AtLocation	concert hall
mozart music	AtLocation	movie
mozart music	AtLocation	opera
vintner	IsA	human
vintner	AtLocation	winery
vintner	AtLocation	vineyard
vintner	IsA	person
bottle of wine	AtLocation	restaurant
bottle of wine	AtLocation	table
battleship	AtLocation	water
battleship	AtLocation	bottom of sea
battleship	AtLocation	any sea
battleship	AtLocation	any ocean
warzone	IsA	place
young human	IsA	person
young human	IsA	small than most adult humans.s
young human	AtLocation	school
get burn	IsA	bad because it hurt
rebel	IsA	person
currency	AtLocation	pocket
currency	IsA	representation of capital
currency	IsA	dollar
currency	IsA	euro
battlefield	IsA	place
art store	IsA	place
dairy product	AtLocation	kitchen
greco-roman wrestle	IsA	sport
sea anemone	AtLocation	sea
sea anemone	IsA	cnidarian
sour milk	AtLocation	refrigerator
sour milk	IsA	food
linux	AtLocation	office build
linux	IsA	open source operate system
linux	IsA	open-source operate system
linux	IsA	computer operate system
linux	AtLocation	city
linux	AtLocation	office
linux	AtLocation	build
linux	IsA	operate system
linux	IsA	ubuntu
geek	AtLocation	office
geek	IsA	person
police station	IsA	place
vegetate	AtLocation	store
woman and man	IsA	ski
mascara	IsA	beauty care product
mascara	IsA	makeup
two men	IsA	rock-climbing
two men	IsA	play basketball with serious face
two men	IsA	climb on rock
two men	AtLocation	log roll contest
dock	IsA	where boat wait
dock	AtLocation	boat
snob	AtLocation	gallery open
sponge	AtLocation	bottom of sea
sponge	AtLocation	bath
picketers	AtLocation	demonstration
labeler	AtLocation	supermarket
labeler	AtLocation	desk
can peach	AtLocation	pantry
dime store	AtLocation	strip mall
dime store	AtLocation	past
dime store	AtLocation	small neighborhood
lawn chair	AtLocation	lawn
mom	AtLocation	at home
mom	AtLocation	in house
mom	IsA	parent
hold bay	AtLocation	ship
speed of light	IsA	one of he basic physical constant
speed of light	IsA	186,212 mile per second
speed of light	IsA	constant and therfore not relative
speed of light	IsA	186,000 mile per second
speed of light	IsA	approximately 299792458 metre per second
most wedding	IsA	not at supermarket
pillow fight	IsA	game
blanket pillow sheet	AtLocation	bed
booze	AtLocation	friend wed
booze	AtLocation	fraternity house
booze	IsA	alcohol
contestant	AtLocation	sport event
twin peak	IsA	tv show
ride lawnmower	AtLocation	garage
morning paper	AtLocation	front door
harlot	AtLocation	street corner
sedimentary	IsA	rock
fall leave	AtLocation	forest
fall leave	AtLocation	street
fall leave	AtLocation	lawn
fall leave	AtLocation	tree
fall leave	AtLocation	fall season
philosophy	IsA	about person think
cutlery drawer	AtLocation	restaurant
gymnastics	IsA	sport
vegatables	AtLocation	garden
jet and giant	IsA	both ny football team
rain and heat	IsA	both weather term
wait passenger	AtLocation	bus depot
batz maru doll	AtLocation	toy store
some men	IsA	sexually
french	IsA	human language
french	IsA	live language
french	IsA	asshole
french	IsA	nationality
walker	IsA	someone who walk
dissolve mineral	AtLocation	water
dirty water	AtLocation	drain
roller-coaster	AtLocation	fairground
old medicine	AtLocation	cabinet
more water	AtLocation	land on earth
capital of china	IsA	beijing
capital of afghanistan	IsA	kabul
capital of russia	IsA	moscow
capital of japan	IsA	tokyo
golden and labrador retriever	IsA	type of dog
nice look car	AtLocation	car show
freeze veggie	AtLocation	supermarket
competition	IsA	part of sport
security	AtLocation	concert
vacation	IsA	expense
vacation	IsA	what we work for
vacation	IsA	great way to relax
number of something	IsA	many ther be of that thing
beauty	AtLocation	top of mountain
beauty	IsA	only skin deep
beauty	IsA	skin deep
beauty	IsA	truth truth beauty
beauty	AtLocation	ye of beholder
beauty	IsA	not external it come from within
beauty	AtLocation	eye of beholder
beauty	IsA	art
sport event	AtLocation	television
sport event	IsA	modern form of tribal war
electric bill	AtLocation	mail
crop	IsA	plant
crop	AtLocation	field
try	IsA	another name for effort
china	IsA	communist country
china	IsA	very large country
china	IsA	enormous economy
china	IsA	country
lose child	AtLocation	park
karaoke	IsA	leisure activity
these statue	IsA	art
x-men	IsA	team of mutant
noon	IsA	time of day
noon	IsA	time for lunch
herpes	IsA	disease
be lawyer	IsA	profession
dirty sock	AtLocation	your bed
space debris	AtLocation	orbit
excitement	AtLocation	hockey game
dashboard	AtLocation	car
dam	AtLocation	beaver
dam	AtLocation	water
rich kid	AtLocation	bob jones university
tax paperwork	AtLocation	home
wrap paper	AtLocation	gift
banknote	AtLocation	pocket
banknote	IsA	money
homework	AtLocation	desk
homework	IsA	easy with help
homework	AtLocation	school
filth	AtLocation	television
his father pistol	AtLocation	friend house
opera glass	AtLocation	opera
theatre	AtLocation	mall
theatre	IsA	place of entertainment
theatre	AtLocation	play
theatre	AtLocation	curtain
theatre	AtLocation	stage
theatre	AtLocation	performance
theatre	AtLocation	audience
theatre	AtLocation	show
ten commandment	IsA	good rule to live by
1000 year	AtLocation	millenium
100 year	AtLocation	century
10 year	AtLocation	decade
convenience store	AtLocation	street corner
convenience store	AtLocation	town
convenience store	AtLocation	city
ninth month of year	IsA	september
tenth month of year	IsA	october
twelvth month of year	IsA	december
seventh month of year	IsA	july
first month of year	IsA	january
eleventh month of year	IsA	november
seventh day of week	IsA	saturday
third day of week	IsA	tuesday
second month of year	IsA	february
sixth day of week	IsA	friday
first day of week	IsA	sunday
first day of week	IsA	monday
fourth day of week	IsA	wednesday
twelve month	AtLocation	year
pyjama	AtLocation	bedroom
operation system	AtLocation	computer
white and black	IsA	opposite color
plural of cowboy	IsA	cowboy
postal worker	AtLocation	post office
box for storage	AtLocation	basement
short order cook	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
pad of paper	AtLocation	desktop
art work	AtLocation	your house
student head	AtLocation	desk
show horse	AtLocation	fairground
automaton	IsA	machine
automaton	AtLocation	classroom
metaphysical belief	IsA	belief
pedestrian	AtLocation	in street
pedestrian	AtLocation	street corner
food court	AtLocation	mall
pod	IsA	container
pod	AtLocation	seed
terrorism	IsA	political violence
terrorism	IsA	organize violence
terrorism	IsA	dishønorable horrofic situation
terrorism	IsA	jihad
commodity	IsA	object
worthless object	IsA	object
sheepdog	IsA	dog
heifer in herd	AtLocation	cow
heifer in herd	AtLocation	cattle
glass baker	AtLocation	laboratory
dry up food	AtLocation	table
carnies	AtLocation	fair
few woman	IsA	mayor
old stuff	AtLocation	cellar
some person say that dog	IsA	man best friend
machine in service	AtLocation	man
your friendly grocer	AtLocation	supermarket
satellite dish	AtLocation	roof
gras	AtLocation	park
handgun and rifle	IsA	firearm
handgun and rifle	IsA	kind of gun
white overall	AtLocation	doctor
video game	AtLocation	friend house
video game	IsA	game you play on your tv
table and chair	AtLocation	conference
table and chair	AtLocation	resturant
national flag	AtLocation	country
unit of time	IsA	second
capital of netherlands	IsA	amsterdam
scientific experiment	AtLocation	space shuttle
suite	AtLocation	hotel
yard in front	AtLocation	house
nitrous oxide gas	AtLocation	dentist
spigot	AtLocation	water fountain
steak and egg	AtLocation	plate
thelma louise	IsA	movie
simpson	IsA	tv show
rice and beef	IsA	both food
rice and beef	IsA	food
front garden in front	AtLocation	house
front garden in front	AtLocation	build
solid	IsA	state of matter
solid	IsA	dense than gas at atmospheric pressure
solid	IsA	phase
solid	IsA	wood
potato and chicken	IsA	food
potato and chicken	IsA	both food
room service	AtLocation	at hotel
room service	AtLocation	hotel
haircut	IsA	call barber
trash bag	AtLocation	trash
us capital	IsA	in washington dc
agouti	IsA	rodent
alligator	IsA	reptile
alligator	AtLocation	swamp
teacher lounge	AtLocation	school
anaconda	IsA	snake
pool table	AtLocation	bowl alley
can fruit	AtLocation	pantry
magnetic poetry	AtLocation	fridge
street sweeper	AtLocation	street
barstools	AtLocation	bar
family picture	AtLocation	friend house
afgan hound	IsA	dog
can of soup	AtLocation	cupboard
can of soup	AtLocation	market
superman	AtLocation	sky
superman	IsA	superhero
david spade	IsA	not god
greenhouse gas	IsA	cause world temperature to rise
big crowd of person	AtLocation	party
person dance and sing	AtLocation	show
visual c++	IsA	program language
dog toy	IsA	toy
mazda	IsA	corporation
mazda	IsA	company
some pill	IsA	medicine
research group	IsA	group
chair by fire	IsA	good place to read
free food	AtLocation	gallery open
hairdresser	AtLocation	mall
kitten in basket	AtLocation	laundry
goaltender	AtLocation	hockey game
person wait	AtLocation	bus stop
physician	IsA	medical doctor
flint	IsA	stone
gem	IsA	stone
anise	IsA	spice
venison	IsA	meat
slay	IsA	kill
north	IsA	direction
north	AtLocation	snow
tourqouise	IsA	stone
asprin	IsA	analgesic
ramen noodle	AtLocation	pantry
magma	IsA	v hot
opposite of proponent	IsA	antagonist
plastic surgery	IsA	cosmetic reconstruction of body
soviet army	IsA	refer to as red army
buttermilk	IsA	sour milk
crucifixion	IsA	ancient mean of execution
druid	IsA	worshipper of tree
wicca	IsA	pagan religion
wicca	IsA	religion
week	IsA	measurement of time
classmate	AtLocation	class
bungee jump	IsA	activity
stockholm	IsA	in sweden
harry potter	IsA	boy who cast spell
harry potter	IsA	character in novel
child art	AtLocation	fridge
wine glass	AtLocation	dinner
wine glass	AtLocation	cupboard
chlorinate water	AtLocation	swim pool
dead sea	IsA	in israel
poodle	IsA	small dog with curly hair
poodle	IsA	small breed of dog
poodle	IsA	pet
good meal	AtLocation	restaurant
stand	AtLocation	market
billion dollar	IsA	very big expenditure
dry good	AtLocation	pantry
refrigerator magnet	AtLocation	fridge
lot of crap	AtLocation	television
wahabism	IsA	radical form of islam
theater ticket	AtLocation	box office
theater ticket	AtLocation	pocket
theater ticket	IsA	commonly
theater ticket	AtLocation	theatre
theater ticket	AtLocation	show
light post	AtLocation	street corner
database	IsA	example of computer software
popeye	IsA	cartoon
expert	AtLocation	field
household supply	AtLocation	supermarket
household supply	AtLocation	at supermarket
cardboard box	AtLocation	warehouse
cardboard box	AtLocation	trash
whisper person	AtLocation	library
massacre body	AtLocation	war
snack bar	AtLocation	bus depot
snack bar	AtLocation	airport
violent fan	AtLocation	soccer game
great view	AtLocation	top of mountain
grumpy delay passenger	AtLocation	airport
patio table	AtLocation	porch
devil egg	AtLocation	plate
big castle	AtLocation	disneyland
uneducated foreign security personnel	AtLocation	airport
small appliance	AtLocation	kitchen
bottle of ketchup	AtLocation	restaurant
lazy boyfriend	AtLocation	bed
steel wool pad	AtLocation	kitchen
sunburn person	AtLocation	beach
tadpole	AtLocation	water
your bed	AtLocation	your house
mower	AtLocation	garage
sense	AtLocation	church
sense	IsA	sight
mammoth in museum	AtLocation	natural history
scandal	IsA	event
scandal	AtLocation	newspaper
interior	IsA	room
child play	AtLocation	park
jim	IsA	hamburger eater
jim	IsA	player on team
mole cricket	IsA	insect
thrush	IsA	bird
perennial	IsA	plant
butt	IsA	call seat
rheingold arborvitae	IsA	plant
vegetable and tree	IsA	plant
roadrunner	IsA	bird
be afraid	IsA	have fear
124141234	IsA	number
your sister and your brother	IsA	your sibling
slinkies	AtLocation	toy store
soda can	AtLocation	plane
soda can	AtLocation	casino
soda can	AtLocation	house
soda can	AtLocation	any large city
soda can	AtLocation	airport
abyss	AtLocation	bottom of sea
preserve frog	AtLocation	jar
dead bug	AtLocation	windowsill
pyrotechnic	AtLocation	opera
bellhop	AtLocation	hotel
bellhop	AtLocation	at hotel
skirt and pant	IsA	kind of clothe
partygoer	IsA	person
one kind of insurance	IsA	medical insurance
opponent	IsA	person
prosecutor and judge	IsA	person in trial
colour	IsA	pink
colour	IsA	green
colour	IsA	black
colour	IsA	color
colour	IsA	orange
colour	IsA	purple
colour	IsA	red
another word for television	IsA	tv
hockey fan	AtLocation	hockey game
item for sale	AtLocation	shop
7	IsA	number
7	IsA	lucky number
7	IsA	good number to roll
9	IsA	number
pencil and pen	AtLocation	office
cocktail waitress	AtLocation	bar
childseat	AtLocation	backseat of car
crap table	AtLocation	casino
use condom	AtLocation	floor
use condom	AtLocation	trash can
on street	AtLocation	street corner
shakespeare	IsA	great dramatist
wine bottle	AtLocation	cellar
sign give direction	AtLocation	fork in road
five and four	IsA	number
nurse patient	IsA	activity
entertainment and food	AtLocation	carnival
paper product	AtLocation	supermarket
object of art	AtLocation	art show
cleric	AtLocation	church
clean supply	AtLocation	cabinet
lamppost	AtLocation	street corner
tent and mountain	IsA	same shape
fresh air	AtLocation	countryside
twelve	IsA	number
twenty	IsA	possible number of dollar
twenty	IsA	number
thirty	IsA	number
thirty-one	IsA	number
thirty-three	IsA	number
thirty-nine	IsA	number
bannana	IsA	fruit
thirty-five	IsA	number
tree and flower	IsA	plant
speculum	IsA	medical device
best friend	IsA	friend
flower girl	IsA	child
flower girl	AtLocation	wed
child with same parent	IsA	sibling
letters-to-the-editor	AtLocation	newspaper
lipstick	IsA	cosmetic
dead fish	AtLocation	beach
sky in	AtLocation	grind
queensland	IsA	state of australia
your mum	AtLocation	home
seabed	AtLocation	bottom of sea
different breed	AtLocation	dog
different breed	AtLocation	horse
dance club	AtLocation	town
dance club	AtLocation	city
sir francis drake	IsA	englishman
tennis player	IsA	athlete
yellow ribbon	IsA	sign of rememberance
chess player	AtLocation	coffee shop
forgiveness	AtLocation	family
forgiveness	IsA	vurtue
forgiveness	AtLocation	confession
sattelite	AtLocation	orbit
generator	IsA	electrical device
worshiper	AtLocation	church
worshiper	AtLocation	synagogue
sweater and shoe	IsA	both article of clothe
cnn	IsA	television channel
cnn	IsA	television network
cnn	IsA	cable television channel
cnn	IsA	tv channel
operate system	AtLocation	office
operate system	AtLocation	library
my home	IsA	my castle
my home	IsA	fair away
workbench	AtLocation	garage
bowl shoe	AtLocation	bowl alley
model	AtLocation	car show
model	IsA	small representation of big thing
model	IsA	small rendition of much large thing
model	IsA	representation of real object
tuna fish	AtLocation	can
tuna fish	AtLocation	ocean
some toilet	IsA	unsanitary
think about fictional forest fairy	IsA	distraction
more cat	AtLocation	world than government
some bone	IsA	not good food for dog
calvin and hobbes	IsA	cartoon
some house plant	IsA	flower
wreck	IsA	serious accident
perform surgery	IsA	activity
algebra	AtLocation	class
algebra	AtLocation	school
algebra	AtLocation	classroom
courthouse in center	AtLocation	town
dead body	AtLocation	war
dead body	AtLocation	trunk
some magazine	IsA	about boat
fire alarm	AtLocation	build
fire alarm	AtLocation	in build
have ball	IsA	have very good time
flesh	IsA	meat
pascal	IsA	program language
pascal	IsA	french scientist
email	IsA	electronic mail
both snake and skunk	IsA	animal
sucrose	IsA	sugar
pair	AtLocation	pant in drawer
pair	AtLocation	scissor in beauty salon
pair	AtLocation	pant in closet
good manner	IsA	important part of good behavior
oak park	IsA	in illinois
oak park	IsA	in illinoi
pretty girl	AtLocation	beach
fruit punch	IsA	drink
nanosecond	IsA	one billionth of second
nanosecond	IsA	one-billionth of second
dinner plate	AtLocation	dinner
dinner plate	AtLocation	cabinet
aircraft	AtLocation	air
aircraft	AtLocation	sky
group operation	IsA	associative
coke and pepsi	IsA	competitor
fibia	IsA	bone in arm
sweater and dress	IsA	both category of clothe
wildflower	AtLocation	countryside
wildflower	AtLocation	wood
equator	IsA	imaginary line circle earth
normalness	IsA	desireable
hydrogen chemical symbol	IsA	h
waterbury	IsA	city
espoo	IsA	in finland
oulu	IsA	in finland
fluid	AtLocation	container
fluid	IsA	matter
fluid	IsA	water
platter	AtLocation	cabinet
child car seat	AtLocation	backseat of car
child car seat	AtLocation	car
loaf of bread	AtLocation	breadbox
night	IsA	cold than day
night	IsA	dark than day
night	IsA	come on
night	IsA	cool than daytime
saskatoon	IsA	in canada
vancouver	IsA	in canada
many tree	AtLocation	planet earth
labyrinth	IsA	maze
sweet potato	IsA	vegetable
minnow	IsA	fish
brussels sprout	IsA	vegetable
frat boy	AtLocation	fraternity house
lipstick case	AtLocation	purse
silk gown	AtLocation	opera
box of cereal	AtLocation	grocery store
box of cereal	AtLocation	store
box of cereal	AtLocation	market
veil	AtLocation	wed
crumple up paper	AtLocation	trash
ice berg	AtLocation	arctic
watermelon	IsA	vegetable
watermelon	IsA	plant
watermelon	IsA	fruit
airline representative	AtLocation	airport
ointment	AtLocation	jar
shoe store	AtLocation	mall
shoe store	AtLocation	mail
guest room	AtLocation	loft
night light	AtLocation	bedroom
land mass	AtLocation	surface of earth
monkey wrench	AtLocation	repair shop
wait area	AtLocation	airport
lunch room	AtLocation	school
tool chest	AtLocation	garage
sunny	IsA	one type of weather
another way to say this	IsA	city
parakeet	IsA	pet
leader in group	AtLocation	person
warm welcome	AtLocation	relative house
protestor	AtLocation	demonstration
mayor and governor	IsA	both local politician
scorpion	IsA	one type of animal
mustang	IsA	car model
hot water heater	AtLocation	basement
teller	AtLocation	train station
teller	AtLocation	bank
disgruntle employee	AtLocation	office
technician and nerd	AtLocation	laboratory
porch	AtLocation	attach to house
porch	AtLocation	rail
both radio and newspaper	IsA	type of media
both dress and pant	IsA	type of clothe
both kitten and dog	IsA	animal
brass drum	IsA	loud musical instrument
jazzercise	IsA	aerobic exercise
both shrub and tomato	IsA	type of plant
both pound cake and furitcake	IsA	type of cake
another weapon	IsA	bomb
fish may	IsA	ingredient in recipe
weather	IsA	warm near equator
weather	IsA	hot suring summer
weather	IsA	state of atmosphere
weather	IsA	snow
weather	IsA	cloudy
both meat and potato	IsA	type of food
meal	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
meal	IsA	thing you eat
meal	AtLocation	plate
meal	IsA	breakfast
meal	IsA	supper
upbeat	IsA	style of music
fish pole	IsA	rod
fish pole	AtLocation	boat
flood	IsA	result of heavy rain
flood	AtLocation	water
relationship	IsA	thing compare to one another
v c r and t v	IsA	both acronym
both vegetable and beef	IsA	type of food
both embassy and vote	IsA	political term
my heart	IsA	beat
rest room	AtLocation	rest area
macintosh	IsA	computer
cheap bed	AtLocation	motel
zorak	IsA	space ghost enemy
zorak	IsA	one space ghost enemy
lot of car	AtLocation	mall
empty can	AtLocation	waste bin
stop light	AtLocation	corner of two street
pear tree	IsA	tree
arsonist	IsA	criminal
arsonist	AtLocation	jail
chartreuse	IsA	color
chartreuse	IsA	yellow-green color
poverty	AtLocation	mumbai
moldy leftover	AtLocation	refrigerator
knight in castle	AtLocation	midieval time
salt shaker	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
break room	AtLocation	work
under water	AtLocation	bottom of sea
everybody	IsA	always young than their father
madonna	IsA	songwriter
kilogram	IsA	measure of weight
power strip	AtLocation	desk
wicker furniture	AtLocation	porch
lifesaver	IsA	type of candy
lifesaver	IsA	often
lifesaver	IsA	necessary item on any boat
pot flower	AtLocation	windowsill
guinea pig	IsA	rodent
cd-rom	AtLocation	box
cd-rom	IsA	multimedia device
inebriate	IsA	another word for drunk
chair for spectator	AtLocation	sport event
ficus in pot	AtLocation	dirt
trace amount of industrial chemical	AtLocation	water
excercise	IsA	physical activity
excercise	IsA	esential for good health
ocean in	AtLocation	continent
bed bug	AtLocation	bed
pickpocket	IsA	your enemy
pickpocket	AtLocation	fairground
congregation	AtLocation	synagogue
break toaster	AtLocation	repair shop
your nose	AtLocation	your face
roast	AtLocation	oven
lemon peel	AtLocation	bar
mess hall	AtLocation	military base
music video	AtLocation	television
old tire	AtLocation	garage
dead soldier	AtLocation	war
slinky	AtLocation	stair
slinky	AtLocation	build
slinky	IsA	object
slinky	AtLocation	drawer
slinky	AtLocation	house
slinky	IsA	toy
cradle	AtLocation	baby
mobile	IsA	sculpture
kimono	IsA	clothe
cupcake	IsA	miniature cake
cupcake	IsA	cake
atmosphere	IsA	several mile thick
atmosphere	AtLocation	ozone
greenhouse	IsA	build
cheer	IsA	tv show
awl	IsA	tool
successor of number	IsA	number
fall star	IsA	meteor
glacier	IsA	slowly move river of ice
marvin	IsA	artificial intelligence researcher
22 world heritage site	AtLocation	unite state
one impairment person might have	IsA	intracranial aneurysm
one impairment person might have	IsA	neurosis
nickname for maryland	IsA	free state or old line state
rhombus	IsA	parallelogram
chariot	IsA	archetype of spirit below
pra and hd	IsA	genetic disease in dog
pra and hd	IsA	genetic disease of dog
pea and onion	IsA	both food
pea and onion	IsA	food
shower head	AtLocation	shower stall
manure	IsA	waste product of cow
manure	AtLocation	zoo
sink treasure	AtLocation	bottom of sea
aspartame	IsA	sweetener
roman catholicism	IsA	christianity
drunk fan	AtLocation	sport event
some doll	IsA	ancient artifact
potato in produce department	AtLocation	grocery store
attorney	IsA	job
he who follow idle pursuit	IsA	fool
walkman	IsA	cassette player
piglet	IsA	fictional character
eyore	IsA	fictional character
freebsd	IsA	operate system
junk food	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
old thing	AtLocation	museum
old thing	IsA	call antique
sorbet	IsA	dessert
clint eastwood	IsA	actor
ogre	IsA	large cruel man
sony	IsA	corporation
chemical symbol for hydrogen	IsA	h
trance	IsA	state of mental activity
wooden floor	AtLocation	closet
tambourine	IsA	musical percussion instrument
methane gas	IsA	greenhouse gas
historical artifact	AtLocation	museum
hymn book	AtLocation	church
fever	IsA	symptom of many illness
taco	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
orange cone	AtLocation	roadblock
caribou	IsA	mammal
drug dealer	AtLocation	jail
drug dealer	AtLocation	school
milkduds	AtLocation	movie
palm pilot	IsA	small computer
hub cap	AtLocation	street
pajama	IsA	sleep in
gun purpose	IsA	kill thing
gun purpose	IsA	kill
knickknack	AtLocation	drawer
clown shoe	AtLocation	bowl alley
loge seat	AtLocation	theater
wealth of knowledge	AtLocation	library
wrinkle	AtLocation	your finger
panhandler	AtLocation	bus stop
yeast	IsA	ingredient in bread
yeast	IsA	single-celled plant
crack	IsA	drug
tinkerbell	IsA	fictional character
poor person	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
poor person	AtLocation	third world country
poor person	AtLocation	alley
poor person	AtLocation	hovel
poor person	AtLocation	zimbabwe
increase tax	IsA	issue
sexuality	IsA	gay
sexuality	IsA	lesbian
security camera	AtLocation	casino
liquor	IsA	whiskey
liquor	IsA	wine
concession stand	AtLocation	movie
concession stand	AtLocation	state park
room for sleep	AtLocation	motel
cup and plate	AtLocation	cupboard
folk music	IsA	music
folk music	IsA	rarley popular these day
best part of wake up	IsA	folger in your cup
your tongue	AtLocation	your mouth
pussy be	IsA	cat
circular	AtLocation	mail box
circular	IsA	shape
new artwork	AtLocation	gallery open
mail box	AtLocation	street corner
asphalt tile	AtLocation	roof
cat hair	AtLocation	rug
cat hair	AtLocation	floor
grid	AtLocation	mathematics
your tounge	AtLocation	your mouth
spam	AtLocation	your inbox
spam	AtLocation	can
spam	AtLocation	internet
speedboat	IsA	boat
speedboat	IsA	small fast boat
digital camera	IsA	camera
acetylene	IsA	gas
bitch	IsA	read
taliban	IsA	bad person
taliban	IsA	islamist
all mother	IsA	woman
all mother	IsA	girl
short circuit	IsA	bad thing
short circuit	IsA	disruption
short circuit	IsA	problem
if wire	IsA	eat it may short circuit
best place to vomit	AtLocation	toilet
merry-go-round	AtLocation	carnival
end	AtLocation	end of line
end	IsA	stop
street drain	AtLocation	street
appliance	AtLocation	house
appliance	AtLocation	kitchen
appliance	IsA	microwave
appliance	IsA	freezer
shepherd	IsA	animal
shepherd	IsA	herdsman
shepherd	IsA	person who tend sheep
typical workplace for carpenter	IsA	room
person and bus	AtLocation	bus depot
sattellites	AtLocation	orbit
ballon	AtLocation	carnival
small mirror	AtLocation	purse
snow cap	AtLocation	top of mountain
soccer net	AtLocation	soccer game
sun bather	AtLocation	beach
sun bather	AtLocation	at beach
some food	AtLocation	home
some food	IsA	healthy and some be not
view televsion	IsA	passive activity
too many cat	AtLocation	world
hickory	IsA	tree
symptom	IsA	pain
steeplechase	IsA	sport
steeplechase	IsA	equestrian event
air pollution	IsA	pollution
air pollution	IsA	big problem around major city
air pollution	IsA	become worse worldwide
golf tournament	IsA	tournament
bubblegum	AtLocation	supermarket
grass and tree	AtLocation	park
offer	AtLocation	church
tithe	AtLocation	church
archeological artifact	AtLocation	museum
kid art work	AtLocation	fridge
water skiies	AtLocation	boat
your own stuff	AtLocation	your house
veggie dip	AtLocation	supermarket
evidence of meteor hit	AtLocation	surface of earth
car enthusiast	AtLocation	car show
spiritual instruction	AtLocation	church
truss joist	AtLocation	attic
teacher aide	AtLocation	classroom
old movie	AtLocation	television
bookmarker	AtLocation	bookstore
color book	AtLocation	toy store
child artwork	AtLocation	fridge
stuff to make cookie	AtLocation	cupboard
office supply	AtLocation	cabinet
office supply	IsA	often
office supply	IsA	commonly
two path	AtLocation	fork in road
flouride	AtLocation	water
corner grocery	AtLocation	town
corner grocery	AtLocation	small town
crossroad	AtLocation	journey
crossroad	AtLocation	town
bad guy	AtLocation	jail
lose coin	AtLocation	back of sofa
many star	AtLocation	galaxy
many star	AtLocation	our galaxy
pay per view movie	AtLocation	at hotel
pier	AtLocation	bridge
conche	AtLocation	ocean
gravel	AtLocation	surface of earth
gravel	AtLocation	bottom of fish tank
atlantic ocean in	AtLocation	europe and north america
large supermarket	AtLocation	city
stair rail	AtLocation	stair well
basketball hoop	AtLocation	gym
humvee	AtLocation	military base
walkway	AtLocation	sport event
walkway	AtLocation	corner of two street
walkway	AtLocation	street corner
walkway	IsA	sidewalk
barricade	AtLocation	roadblock
two road	AtLocation	fork in road
another person	AtLocation	you
sister in house	AtLocation	you
waste paper	AtLocation	trash
concrete	IsA	build material
concrete	IsA	popular build material
concrete	IsA	construction material
concrete	AtLocation	closet
concrete	AtLocation	sand
frustration	IsA	emotion
lot of speaker	AtLocation	concert
forzen meat	AtLocation	freezer
archway	AtLocation	st
front courtyard in front	AtLocation	house
vegemite	AtLocation	jar
vegemite	AtLocation	can
vegemite	IsA	vegetable
shelter	AtLocation	bus stop
electrical outlet	AtLocation	fridge
electrical outlet	AtLocation	refrigerator
green grass	AtLocation	park
green grass	AtLocation	other side of fence
green grass	IsA	green not red
grind	AtLocation	tree
grind	AtLocation	your foot
dirty magazine	AtLocation	your bed
dirty magazine	AtLocation	sock drawer
airlock	AtLocation	space shuttle
dumbbell	IsA	item
dog poop	AtLocation	lawn
dog poop	AtLocation	grind
dog poop	AtLocation	park
your puppy	AtLocation	home
sewage	AtLocation	ocean
sewage	AtLocation	drain
sour cream	AtLocation	fridge
satire	AtLocation	television
variety of tool	AtLocation	garage
jet fuel	AtLocation	airport
jet fuel	AtLocation	airliner fuel tank
wash maching and dry	AtLocation	basement
bath room	AtLocation	mall
captain and crew	AtLocation	boat
demonstration	AtLocation	class
shady place to sit	AtLocation	tree
your dinner cook in oven	AtLocation	kitchen
assortment of office supply	AtLocation	your desk
deadbeat dad	AtLocation	jail
aluminum foil	AtLocation	trash
hype	AtLocation	car show
record	AtLocation	office
guard dog	AtLocation	military base
bicycle rider	AtLocation	street
most likely not yours	AtLocation	space shuttle
debris	AtLocation	orbit
your enemy	AtLocation	war
stiff	AtLocation	funeral
sea gull	AtLocation	sea
sea gull	AtLocation	ocean
hockey stand	AtLocation	newspaper
blotter	AtLocation	desk
hound dog	AtLocation	porch
lima bean	AtLocation	supermarket
only one golf ball	AtLocation	suface of moon
rainy	IsA	weather
360 degree	AtLocation	cirlce
japan	IsA	group of island
japan	IsA	country
toy train	AtLocation	toy store
aesthetic	IsA	branch of philosophy
porch swing	AtLocation	porch
most witch	IsA	pagan
some pagan	IsA	witch
and apple	AtLocation	apple orchard
freeze pea	AtLocation	freezer
amharic	IsA	language
sirius	IsA	star
canopus	IsA	star
rigel	IsA	star
bse	IsA	disease
coca-cola	IsA	soft drink
soft drink	IsA	carbonate
soft drink	IsA	drink
soft drink	IsA	mostly carbonate sugar water
last person	AtLocation	end of line
porno	AtLocation	bed
lose item	AtLocation	bed
rubbermaid product	AtLocation	supermarket
protester	AtLocation	demonstration
flash light	AtLocation	casino
artwork	AtLocation	gallery open
presenter	AtLocation	demonstration
motion	IsA	energy
motion	IsA	subject
motion	IsA	dance
freeze vegetable	AtLocation	freezer
all protestant	IsA	christian
all catholic	IsA	christian
salt and pepper	AtLocation	table
unidentified fly object	AtLocation	sky
fancy wall calendar	AtLocation	bookstore
campaign finance reform	AtLocation	table
goodyear blimp	AtLocation	sky
big fat tenor	AtLocation	opera
stale popcorn	AtLocation	theatre
tear gas	AtLocation	demonstration
execute	IsA	form of punishment
old sock	AtLocation	bed
yam	IsA	domesticate plant
yam	IsA	vegetable
sapphire	IsA	precious stone
pontiac	IsA	brand of car
antique cabin biplane	IsA	expensive fly machine
encephalization quotient	IsA	number
casserole	AtLocation	oven
most year	IsA	365 day long
contact lense	IsA	alternative to eyeglass
contact lense	IsA	alternative to wear glass
contact lense	IsA	conceal glass
construction worker	AtLocation	roadblock
construction worker	IsA	hard hat to protect their head
dry fruit	AtLocation	grocery store
dry fruit	AtLocation	backpack
swivel chair	AtLocation	office
expensive ring	AtLocation	your finger
fundamentalism	IsA	mind virus
discard newspaper	AtLocation	bus
desk and chair	AtLocation	classroom
dirt and trash	AtLocation	street
loud preacher	AtLocation	church
four knight game be	IsA	chess open strategy
breakfast in bed	IsA	pleasant treat
knight before bishop	IsA	chess rule of thumb
sediment	AtLocation	bottom of sea
insomnia	IsA	sleep problem
insomnia	IsA	sleep disorder
clan	IsA	family group
mtv	IsA	rock music tv station
ionize radiation	AtLocation	space
some home	IsA	tent
duty	IsA	grave term than obligation
mask tape	AtLocation	grocery store
starch	IsA	be polymer of glucose
starch	IsA	polymer of glucose
starch	IsA	complex carbohydrate
starch	IsA	rice
starch	IsA	corn
massive star	IsA	short-lived and they die violently
phillips screwdriver in	AtLocation	tool box
laboratory	IsA	workplace
laboratory	AtLocation	school
laboratory	AtLocation	university
laboratory	AtLocation	professor
laboratory	AtLocation	chemical
laboratory	AtLocation	beaker
laboratory	AtLocation	microscope
laboratory	AtLocation	scientist
laboratory	AtLocation	rat
hardback book	AtLocation	bookstore
expensive custom car	AtLocation	car show
pretty woman	AtLocation	casino
rubicon	IsA	river in italy
scrap paper	AtLocation	desk
thread needle	IsA	test of hand eye coordination
sexless marriage	IsA	cry shame
custom drill bowl ball	AtLocation	bowl alley
creation science	IsA	pseudoscientific theory
biology	IsA	subject of study in school
progress through endless growth	IsA	modern myth
common cold	IsA	viral disease
bicycle tour	IsA	recreational activity
ceiling fan	AtLocation	home
cult leader	IsA	master of head game
cult leader	IsA	master of manipulation
technician	AtLocation	chemistry lab
technician	AtLocation	concert
dissolve sodium	AtLocation	ocean
german submarine	IsA	u-boat
waterspout	IsA	tornado over water
xylene	IsA	common industrial chemical
deer and antelope	AtLocation	north america
etch	IsA	intaglio method of printmaking
hydrophone	IsA	underwater microphone
box match	IsA	fisticuffs
custom car	AtLocation	car show
hang glider	IsA	minimal aircraft
lumber	IsA	popular build material
lumber	AtLocation	lumber yard
new jersey turnpike	IsA	famous highway
hexene	IsA	component in some solvent
use bookstore	IsA	wonderful place to visit
american submarine	IsA	large thing
sterilization	IsA	effective method of birth control
death in family	IsA	traumatic experience
kindness	IsA	human grace
kindness	IsA	human virtue
paradigm shift	IsA	radical change in personal belief
circle of friend	IsA	bless thing
tire passenger	AtLocation	bus depot
fresh tortilla	IsA	good snack
toluene	IsA	chemical
brew coffee	IsA	liquid
wage-slaves	AtLocation	office
some device	IsA	comlex
crystal radio	IsA	very simple device
cat and dog	IsA	common pet
cat and dog	IsA	enemy
busy child	AtLocation	sandbox
phosphoric acid	IsA	mineral acid
lecture	AtLocation	conference
lecture	IsA	event type
flag may	IsA	symbol of sovereign nation
modern art	AtLocation	art show
some christian	IsA	delusional
some christian	IsA	snakehandlers
many air-breathing snail	IsA	hermaphrodite
chlorine	IsA	irritant
most language	IsA	write language
search for truth and mean	IsA	lifelong search
tiramisu	IsA	food
idiot	AtLocation	hockey game
idiot	AtLocation	madhouse
scientific research center	AtLocation	arctic
bore adult	AtLocation	meet
honor	IsA	virtue
honor	IsA	medal
loyalty	IsA	wonderful thing
enemy of my enemy	IsA	my friend
supermarket in suburb	AtLocation	city
cobblestone	AtLocation	field
jewish person	AtLocation	synagogue
college student	AtLocation	fraternity house
college student	IsA	student attend college
college student	AtLocation	university
college student	IsA	student
college student	AtLocation	college town
more space	AtLocation	space
wed guest	AtLocation	friend wed
your gum	AtLocation	your mouth
car lover	AtLocation	car show
bar room	AtLocation	jail
birthday present	AtLocation	box
desk lamp	AtLocation	desktop
bathroom drawer	AtLocation	hotel
angry soldier	AtLocation	war
taste bud	AtLocation	your mouth
taste bud	AtLocation	your tongue
handstraps	AtLocation	subway
hubcap	AtLocation	car show
shelve of book and magazine	AtLocation	library
corner cabinet	AtLocation	corner
grave	AtLocation	themountain
grave	AtLocation	body
grave	AtLocation	funeral
dog and cat	IsA	both common pet
dog and cat	IsA	both predator mammal
flowerpot	AtLocation	windowsill
islam	IsA	monotheistic religion
islam	AtLocation	saudi arabia
islam	IsA	religion
appointment	IsA	artifact of busy society
sleep man	AtLocation	tree
another way to say oil paint	IsA	paint with oil
peace sign	IsA	symbol
peace sign	IsA	popular jewlery in sixty
peace sign	IsA	smbol
peace sign	IsA	not take seriously now
atropina belladona	IsA	plant
thin air	AtLocation	top of mountain
summit	AtLocation	top of mountain
rifle and handgun	IsA	firearm
talc	IsA	mineral
water vapor	IsA	gas
hawaiian	IsA	human language
hebrew	IsA	human language
one unit of time	IsA	second
one unit of time	IsA	week
potassium	IsA	element
potassium	IsA	metal
silicon	IsA	element
silicon	IsA	common ingredient in sand
second	IsA	unit of time
fluoride	IsA	element
cold tap	AtLocation	kitchen
group of student	AtLocation	bus
brass family	AtLocation	orchestra
movie and book	IsA	media
oldsmobile	IsA	manufacturer of car
oldsmobile	IsA	defunct car manufacturer
oldsmobile	IsA	car
chevrolets	IsA	type of car
fourth dimension	IsA	time
first three dimension	IsA	space
many differant country	AtLocation	world
sedan	IsA	car
sedan	IsA	classification of automobile
dew in early morning	AtLocation	lawn
snooty person	AtLocation	gallery open
detail	AtLocation	devil
some tire	IsA	inflatable
york	IsA	example of city
potpourri	AtLocation	drawer
ship wreck	AtLocation	bottom of sea
snake and skunk	IsA	both animal
freon	IsA	gas
praise someone	IsA	form of positive reinforcement
woodworking	IsA	satisfy hobby
dead animal	AtLocation	freeway
another word for feces	IsA	poop
schwarzenegger	IsA	movie star
execution	IsA	capital punishment
execution	IsA	extreme example of punishment
sugar in recipe	AtLocation	cookie
insulin	IsA	hormone
strainer	IsA	kitchen tool
histoplasmosis	IsA	fungal infection
suture	IsA	thread
urinalysis	IsA	medical test
utter cry	IsA	make sound
one book of bible	IsA	number
antiseptic	IsA	medicine
aloe vera	IsA	plant
hat box	IsA	special kind of box
psychosis	IsA	mental disorder
psychosis	IsA	mental state
psychosis	IsA	schizophrenia
acetaminophen	IsA	pain reliever and fever reducer
acetaminophen	AtLocation	medicine chest
one common emotion	IsA	loneliness
one cliche	IsA	turn deaf ear
one of chemical element	IsA	iodine
nail gun	IsA	tool
bandaids	AtLocation	cabinet
nickname for tennessee	IsA	volunteer state
nickname for massachusetts	IsA	bay state or old colony state
temperature record	AtLocation	newspaper
national weather	AtLocation	newspaper
price of oil	AtLocation	newspaper
hollywood bowl	IsA	famous bowl
price of silver	AtLocation	newspaper
one political border	IsA	state border
price of gold	AtLocation	newspaper
one type of stick	IsA	stick of gum
dick tracy	AtLocation	newspaper
snoopy	AtLocation	newspaper
price of commodity	AtLocation	newspaper
shoot	IsA	sport
international news	AtLocation	newspaper
grandfather	IsA	male
price of bond	AtLocation	newspaper
some contraceptive	IsA	pill
price of over-the-counter stock	AtLocation	newspaper
display ad for automobile	AtLocation	newspaper
weather map	AtLocation	newspaper
backstroke	IsA	for swimmer
riddle	AtLocation	newspaper
real estate picture	AtLocation	newspaper
something you do in gym	IsA	gymnastics
wound	AtLocation	war
one mess	IsA	location with high traffic
bottle water	AtLocation	refrigerator
washer	AtLocation	jar
capital city of nevada	IsA	carson city
room and board	IsA	lodge and food
one psychoneurosis	IsA	obsession
volvos	IsA	car
gazelle in stomach	AtLocation	lion
something break	AtLocation	repair shop
waste water	AtLocation	drain
dead leaf	AtLocation	tree
storage pan	IsA	container
storage pan	AtLocation	store room
metronome	IsA	machine
metronome	AtLocation	symphony hall
letter from your parent	AtLocation	mail
small kitchen	AtLocation	apartment
your winter coat	AtLocation	closet
person at prayer	AtLocation	synagogue
their sofa	AtLocation	neighbor house
rider	AtLocation	subway
rider	AtLocation	car
delicatessen counter	AtLocation	supermarket
american flag leave behind by astronaut	AtLocation	suface of moon
your family	AtLocation	your house
confessional	AtLocation	confession
confessional	AtLocation	church
custom officer	AtLocation	airport
carnival	AtLocation	fairground
carnival	IsA	cruise ship
carnival	IsA	ball
carnival	AtLocation	mask
carnival	AtLocation	music
peep hole	AtLocation	front door
nervous friend	AtLocation	friend wed
porch in front	AtLocation	house
dive board	AtLocation	swim pool
chow	IsA	breed of dog
pet food	AtLocation	supermarket
bottle of asprin	AtLocation	cabinet
shop list	AtLocation	fridge
gaggle of art critic	AtLocation	gallery open
over-priced ride	AtLocation	disneyland
flotation gear	AtLocation	boat
emergency ward	AtLocation	hospital
monolith	IsA	single stand stone
monolith	AtLocation	moon
person jog	AtLocation	park
list of thing to do	AtLocation	your desk
emergency room	AtLocation	hospital
traffic jam	AtLocation	freeway
volcanic vent	AtLocation	bottom of sea
tailor	IsA	craft
tailor	AtLocation	home
tailor	IsA	person who work with cloth
sleep cat	AtLocation	rug
hongkong	IsA	in china
north pole	AtLocation	90 degree north latitude
saucer in	AtLocation	kitchen
terminator	IsA	movie
war and violence	IsA	bad thing
food bake	AtLocation	oven
emergency care	AtLocation	hospital
reference material	AtLocation	library
fiction and non-fiction book	AtLocation	library
person without car	AtLocation	subway
assortment of clothe and shoe	AtLocation	closet
shade seat	AtLocation	rest area
ticket agent	AtLocation	airport
car seat belt	AtLocation	car
most situation	IsA	wonderful learn opportunity
other person outside enjoy themselves	AtLocation	park
personal item	AtLocation	shelf
cotton footwear	AtLocation	sock drawer
calm and stormy weather	AtLocation	sea
electrical appliance	AtLocation	basement
storage item	AtLocation	closet
child playhouse	AtLocation	lawn
one apple	IsA	object
camp supply	AtLocation	backpack
read glass	AtLocation	drawer
read glass	AtLocation	optician
place to dive	AtLocation	swim pool
five and ten store	AtLocation	very small town
national athmen	IsA	song
individual	IsA	person
stage border	AtLocation	theatre
bake potato	AtLocation	oven
you have cavity	AtLocation	dentist
one basic motivation for action	IsA	selfishness
doughnut	IsA	fry pastry
doughnut	AtLocation	store
report card	AtLocation	fridge
dinner table	AtLocation	room
carbonate drink	IsA	drink
one hundred year	AtLocation	century
marry female person	IsA	wife
currently fifty state	AtLocation	unite state
super bowl	IsA	football game
super bowl	IsA	very important football game
cornbread	IsA	food
air traffic control tower	AtLocation	airport
ussr	IsA	country
ussr	IsA	no long country
scum	AtLocation	drain
comfortable couch	AtLocation	loft
young men	AtLocation	fraternity house
black matter	AtLocation	universe
conversation	AtLocation	dinner
taste bud on your tongue	AtLocation	your mouth
book for learn	AtLocation	school
gazelle in grassland	AtLocation	africa
empty space	AtLocation	bed
someone in charge	AtLocation	meet
lisa	IsA	girl name
methanogen	IsA	organism
chemical symbol for phosphorous	IsA	p
fuel	AtLocation	garage
fuel	AtLocation	street
fuel	IsA	kerosene
fuel	IsA	gasoline
fuel	IsA	oil
fuel	AtLocation	plane
diva	AtLocation	opera
your spouse	AtLocation	you
m4	IsA	motorway in england
jude	AtLocation	synagogue
swing set	AtLocation	park
ice and snow	AtLocation	arctic
darkness	AtLocation	movie
ka'ba	IsA	place of worship
m24	IsA	dedicate military sniper rifle
send anthrax bacteria through mail	IsA	terrorism
geomagnetic storm	IsA	natural hazard
great barrier reef	IsA	world heritage area
potoroo	IsA	australian mammal
norepinephrine	IsA	brain chemical similar to adrenaline
sleep apnea	IsA	sleep disorder
edmonton	IsA	city of one million
leap second	IsA	quirk of modern timekeeping
origin of life	IsA	geological issue
wattage	IsA	voltage mulitplied by amperage
fungi	IsA	not plant
six of wand	IsA	strong leadership
new caledonia	IsA	island
reebok	IsA	brand of shoe
weigela	IsA	shrub
frost	AtLocation	freezer
cup of sugar	AtLocation	neighbor house
some human	IsA	novelty seek
some human	IsA	police officer
eat child	IsA	cannibalism
indigo	IsA	color
martini glass	AtLocation	cabinet
can pea	AtLocation	store
three foot	AtLocation	yard
headband	IsA	hair accessory
brooch	IsA	jewelry
fairy tale	IsA	book
your wardrobe	IsA	your collection of clothe
nova scotia	IsA	in canada
cookie sheet	AtLocation	oven
siamese	IsA	breed of cat
triangle with three equal side	IsA	equilateral triangle
john woo	IsA	film director
strawberry	IsA	ice cream
strawberry	IsA	domesticate plant
strawberry	IsA	my favourite fruit
strawberry	IsA	flower
new jersey	AtLocation	new york
new jersey	IsA	place
new jersey	AtLocation	universe
usc	IsA	university in los angeles
alta vista	IsA	search engine
hopi	IsA	tribe of native american
pegasus	IsA	mythological wing horse
marshmallow peep	IsA	candy
season	IsA	salt
season	IsA	summer
season	IsA	autumn
season	IsA	fall
season	IsA	winter
coffeemaker	AtLocation	motel
indonesia	IsA	archipelago
versailles	IsA	palace in france
twyla tharp	IsA	famous choreographer
billibi	IsA	soup
walter cronkite	IsA	broadcast journalist
no prince	AtLocation	unite state
box seat	AtLocation	opera
slotmachines	AtLocation	casino
fry dough	AtLocation	carnival
back courtyard	AtLocation	palace
back courtyard	AtLocation	country estate
hat with horn	AtLocation	opera
tape measure	IsA	tool
signpost	AtLocation	fork in road
box of kleenex	AtLocation	desk
your parent parent	IsA	your grandparent
desk clerk	AtLocation	motel
midway	AtLocation	carnival
bagger	AtLocation	supermarket
puddle of water	AtLocation	boat
wadded-up piece of paper	AtLocation	trash
salesperson	AtLocation	toy store
salesperson	AtLocation	bookstore
salesperson	AtLocation	out and about
jar of mustard	AtLocation	fridge
some number	IsA	easy to memorize than others
some problem	IsA	unsolvable
man in tailor suit	IsA	good thing
one type of dog	IsA	german shepherd
many different dilects	AtLocation	unite state
sarah	IsA	female name
sarah	IsA	person
auckland	IsA	city in new zealand
nostalgia	IsA	human emotion
hal	IsA	intelligent computer
hal	IsA	fictional ai
virtue	IsA	good thing to have
virtue	IsA	patience
virtue	IsA	honor
monogamy	IsA	unnatural social aspect
monogamy	IsA	relationship between two person or animal
australian walk-about	IsA	great form of exercise
practice against other person	IsA	good way to learn chess
homelessness	IsA	social and economic problem
homelessness	IsA	moral tragedy
consumerism	IsA	global evil
playact	IsA	cultural activity
flavor coffee	IsA	recent popular luxury
bug in computer software	IsA	error
yellow rubber duck	IsA	common bath toy
orangina	IsA	orange soda
smog in city	IsA	increase health hazard
win prize	IsA	wonderful sensation
ebola	IsA	lethal virus
shushi	IsA	japanese type of food
sightsee	IsA	popular vacation activity
petunia	IsA	annual plant
ornamental kale	IsA	annual plant
blue tip juniper	IsA	plant
marigold	IsA	annual plant
kallay juniper	IsA	plant
calgary carpet juniper	IsA	plant
blue star juniper	IsA	plant
pansy	IsA	annual plant
canadian hemlock	IsA	plant
emarld beauty arborvitae	IsA	plant
primrose	IsA	annual plant
little gem arborvitae	IsA	plant
geranium	IsA	annual plant
densiformis gem yew	IsA	plant
dark green spreader yew	IsA	plant
gold thread falsecypress	IsA	plant
hetz midget arborvitae	IsA	plant
livingroom	IsA	place to relax
elizabeth	IsA	woman name
1984	IsA	very good book
navy blue	IsA	color
astimagtism	IsA	common visual problem
american football	IsA	different sport from football elsewhere
american football	IsA	brutal
american football	IsA	popular sport in america
american football	IsA	contact sport
famliy room	IsA	room in house
nudity	IsA	natural state
hell	IsA	bad place
hell	AtLocation	demon
cheesecake	IsA	cake
queen elizabeth second	IsA	monarch
champage	IsA	light sparkle wine
baby oil	IsA	good lubricant for masturbation
geen	IsA	primary colour
car crash	IsA	sudden deceleration
argon	IsA	inert gas
sing song	IsA	great way to relieve stress
sing song	IsA	way to tell story
fingerpainting	IsA	very messy activity
drug use	IsA	problem
porter	IsA	very dark beer
porter	AtLocation	at at hotel
lager	IsA	light beer
mountain dew	IsA	soft drink
terror	IsA	strong emotion
addition	IsA	basic math skill
marshall mathers	IsA	famous rapper
place to store valuable object	IsA	safe
eat meal together	IsA	social activity
petroleum	IsA	combustible fluid
petroleum	IsA	energy
greek	IsA	human language
parabola	IsA	conic section
ai	IsA	artificial intelligence
male genitalia	IsA	penis
rembrant	IsA	famous painter
super mario brother	IsA	game for nintendo
landfill	IsA	place for trash
landfill	AtLocation	garbage
pour milk into glass	IsA	activity before drink
have daughter	IsA	wonderful experience
revelation	IsA	new idea
grade	IsA	mark indicate rank
orgasm between two lover	IsA	wonderful feel
fall in love	IsA	wonderful feel
blade runner	IsA	famous science fiction movie
berlin	IsA	city in germany
overcrowd	IsA	problem in today city
hack	IsA	cybercrime activity
person smuggle	IsA	major international issue
data input accuracy	IsA	problem for any computer system
sodium	IsA	alkaline metal
iodine	IsA	bluish-black lustrous solid
white wine	IsA	wine
save account	IsA	bank account
terrier	IsA	dog
red wine	IsA	wine
rhea	IsA	flightless bird
timothy dalton	IsA	actor
roger moore	IsA	actor
brad pitt	IsA	actor
potato peel	AtLocation	in trash
fuel tank	AtLocation	in bus
decompose body	AtLocation	in grave
coffee shop	AtLocation	at corner of two street
lamp-post	AtLocation	in street
drunk student	AtLocation	at university
queen bee	IsA	bee
direction sign	AtLocation	at fork in road
direction sign	AtLocation	fork in road
man hole	AtLocation	in street
oscilloscope	AtLocation	at repair shop
firetruck	AtLocation	at airport
firetruck	IsA	leave fire station
netscape communicator	IsA	web browser
rain forest	IsA	wet tropical environment teem with plant and animal
junk-food	AtLocation	at fast-food restaurant
your neighbour	AtLocation	next door
haystack	IsA	big pile of hay
haystack	AtLocation	needle
oldie	IsA	music that some person listen to
freshly bake pie	AtLocation	on windowsill
statement stapler be piece of office equipment which be use to staple two or more page together help answer question	IsA	stapler
compulsion	IsA	obvious response of ocd sufferer to their fear
personality disorder	IsA	condition not directly attributable to gross brain damage or disease
that man	IsA	play saxophone
nut and screw	IsA	not nice word
color grey	IsA	combination of black and white
athame	IsA	wiccan ritual knife
go	IsA	ancient asian board game
horn of plenty	IsA	thanksgiving decoration
trumbone	IsA	instrument
surprise	AtLocation	dumpster
solace	AtLocation	tranquilize drug
trampoline	AtLocation	gymnasium
human in any square inch	AtLocation	earth
spiderman	IsA	superhero
spiderman	AtLocation	comic book
muslim	AtLocation	mosque
slut	IsA	person
slut	AtLocation	her knee
slut	AtLocation	her back
slut	IsA	woman
edible fruit	IsA	fruit
cellular phone	IsA	phone
duct tape	IsA	adhesive tape
wiki	IsA	website
developer	IsA	programmer
electric vehicle	IsA	vehicle
radio-controlled helicopter	IsA	aircraft
radio-controlled airplane	IsA	aircraft
80386	IsA	cpu
papaya	IsA	fruit
husky	AtLocation	connecticut
congress	IsA	tourist site
live thing	IsA	fragile and require careful handle
live thing	IsA	not for hurt
buddhist	AtLocation	temple
epilepsy	IsA	neurological disease
rhetoric	IsA	communication
archbishop	IsA	bishop
stallion	IsA	male animal
uppercut	IsA	punch
manic depression	IsA	mental illness
olive oil	IsA	oil
peony	IsA	flower
shoot gun	IsA	hobby
massage	IsA	therapy
{a}	IsA	set contain one element
{}	IsA	set contain zero element
ecology	AtLocation	environment
ecology	IsA	science
right leg	IsA	leg
abstract	AtLocation	scientific paper
abstract	IsA	summary
urge	IsA	desire
move slowly	IsA	action
move slowly	IsA	activity
political ideology	IsA	system of abstract think
political ideology	AtLocation	unite state
political ideology	AtLocation	russia
bisexuality	IsA	sexual orientation
be full	IsA	feel
nazism	IsA	political ideology
john safran	AtLocation	triple j radio
john safran	IsA	provocateur
sexually transmit disease	IsA	transmit disease
sexually transmit disease	IsA	germ
sexually transmit disease	IsA	infection
fuck	IsA	fuck good
animate flesh of dead person	IsA	zombie
zit	AtLocation	ass
zit	IsA	pimple
conservatism	IsA	political ideology
conservatism	IsA	political philosophy
mead	IsA	alcoholic beverage
pimple	AtLocation	your ass
pimple	AtLocation	your face
pimple	IsA	zit
upset person	AtLocation	iraq
asshole	AtLocation	washington d.c
asshole	IsA	swearword
facism	IsA	political ideology
fanatic	IsA	person
fanatic	IsA	human
socialist	IsA	fanatic
sativa	IsA	marijuana
liberalism	IsA	political ideology
informal logic	IsA	logic
heaven	IsA	thing
heaven	AtLocation	god
heaven	AtLocation	sky
global warm	AtLocation	earth
skate park	IsA	park
state park	IsA	park
terrorist organization	IsA	organization
hammer head shark	IsA	shark
great white shark	IsA	shark
wendy	IsA	fast food resturant
fast food resturant	IsA	resturant
illegal weapon	AtLocation	black market
hot rod	IsA	car
illegal drug	AtLocation	black market
game of dodgeball	AtLocation	school playground
valuable	AtLocation	vault
dodgeball	IsA	sport
car jack	IsA	crime
house hold oil	IsA	oil
house hold oil	IsA	lubricant
larsony	IsA	crime
spray paint graffiti	IsA	vandelism
computer mouse	AtLocation	mouse pad
huddersfield	IsA	town
huddersfield	AtLocation	west yorkshire
joint	IsA	fun
joint	AtLocation	pot party
joint	IsA	knee
seaside	AtLocation	water
reflective surface	IsA	surface
ferment grape juice	IsA	ferment juice
ferment grape juice	AtLocation	restaurant
ferment grape juice	AtLocation	resturant
ferment grape juice	AtLocation	dinner
ferment grape juice	AtLocation	your table
ferment grape juice	AtLocation	kitchen
make wine	IsA	activity
distillery	IsA	factory
polish	IsA	language
kraków	IsA	city
fricative	IsA	consonant
cappella	IsA	music
eucharist	IsA	sacrament
great pumkin	IsA	fictional holiday deity
time loop	IsA	paradox
aye-aye	IsA	lemur
ohm	IsA	unit of measurement
ohm	IsA	measurement
methionine	IsA	amino acid
isoleucine	IsA	amino acid
arginine	IsA	amino acid
cysteine	IsA	amino acid
drill bite	IsA	tool
thyroid	IsA	gland
putty knife	IsA	tool
maple	IsA	wood
thc	IsA	resin
pdf	IsA	file format
biodiesel	IsA	fuel
area	IsA	arena
area	IsA	place
area	IsA	space
fuzzy logic	IsA	artificial intelligence
hit and run	IsA	crime
copyright infringement	IsA	crime
radio wave	IsA	radiation
esterification	IsA	chemical reaction
tcp	IsA	protocol
ultraviolet	IsA	radiation
ultraviolet	IsA	light
melancholy	IsA	emotion
diabetes	IsA	disease
reduction	IsA	chemical reaction
medic	AtLocation	battlefield
medic	AtLocation	military base
medic	AtLocation	war zone
neural network	IsA	artificial intelligence
computer vision	IsA	artificial intelligence
oxidization	IsA	chemical reaction
destruction	AtLocation	war zone
netbsd	IsA	operate system
awe	IsA	emotion
m-16	IsA	rifle
luck	IsA	just fortuitous coincidence
coca	IsA	tree
kiev	AtLocation	ukraine
regret	IsA	emotion
kinetic energy	AtLocation	move object
white gold	IsA	alloy
war zone	IsA	place
world of warcraft	IsA	computer game
neutrino	IsA	lepton
neutrino	IsA	elementary particle
muon	IsA	lepton
muon	IsA	elementary particle
boson	IsA	elementary particle
atomic bomb	IsA	weapon
atomic bomb	AtLocation	nuclear stockpile
kaon	IsA	elementary particle
lepton	IsA	elementary particle
quark	IsA	elementary particle
quark	AtLocation	neutron star
quark	AtLocation	atom
pion	IsA	elementary particle
gluon	IsA	boson
ucla	IsA	university
irish breakfast	IsA	tea
wrist	IsA	joint
pathologist	IsA	doctor
creator	IsA	person
creator	IsA	god
tentacle	IsA	appendage
antler	IsA	horn
antler	AtLocation	elk
antler	AtLocation	moose
oncologist	IsA	doctor
dog treat	IsA	dog food
obstetrician	IsA	doctor
ballroom	IsA	room
amphibian	IsA	animal
amphibian	IsA	frog
amphibian	IsA	salamander
louisiana	IsA	state
homeschooling	IsA	education
defibrilator	AtLocation	in hospital
raw meat	AtLocation	refrigerator
limousine	IsA	automobile
checkup	IsA	medical exam
homeschool	AtLocation	home
sear	IsA	cook
blanch	IsA	cook
koala bear	IsA	marsupial
trust	IsA	faith
bromine	IsA	liquid
isa	IsA	relation
toliet	AtLocation	bathroom
crt	AtLocation	television
moustache	AtLocation	upper lip
moustache	AtLocation	face
taiwan	IsA	independency
taiwan	IsA	country
common stock	IsA	stock
prefer stock	IsA	stock
panic disorder	IsA	anxiety disorder
attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder	IsA	affective spectrum disorder
phobia	IsA	anxiety disorder
post-traumatic stress disorder	IsA	anxiety disorder
agoraphobia	IsA	anxiety disorder
bipolar disorder	IsA	affective spectrum disorder
electric guitar	IsA	guitar
electric guitar	IsA	call axe
arachnid	IsA	arthropod
arachnid	IsA	spider
arachnid	IsA	tick
warhead	IsA	explosive
firework	IsA	explosive
toyota auris	IsA	car
snow leopard	IsA	operate system
emacs	IsA	text editor
osx	IsA	operate system
debian	IsA	operate system
virtual human	IsA	software that can emulate human behaviour and communication
physic	AtLocation	university
physic	AtLocation	classroom
physic	IsA	science
plastic bag	AtLocation	kitchen
extension cable	AtLocation	house
extension cable	AtLocation	store
extension cable	AtLocation	office
extension cable	AtLocation	build
bake pan	AtLocation	store
bake pan	AtLocation	cupboard
bake pan	AtLocation	kitchen
bake pan	AtLocation	shelf
liberty	IsA	no small thing
dance floor	AtLocation	build
dance floor	IsA	place
dance floor	AtLocation	city
dance floor	AtLocation	dance club
diary	AtLocation	house
treadmill	AtLocation	city
treadmill	AtLocation	store
treadmill	AtLocation	build
treadmill	AtLocation	town
ambulance	AtLocation	city
skew-symmetric matrix	IsA	matrix
mortgage	IsA	credit line
mortgage	IsA	loan on house
cat treat	IsA	food
cat treat	AtLocation	country
chemical bond	IsA	energy
solar	IsA	energy
playground equipment	IsA	recreational equipment
playground equipment	AtLocation	playground
jungle gym	IsA	playground equipment
see see	IsA	playground equipment
monkey bar	IsA	playground equipment
assertiveness	AtLocation	person
assertiveness	IsA	trait
exit	AtLocation	city
exit	AtLocation	office
exit	AtLocation	party
exit	AtLocation	house
exit	AtLocation	garage
exit	AtLocation	any large city
exit	AtLocation	town
exit	AtLocation	kitchen
exit	IsA	place
exit	AtLocation	front door
straight razor	IsA	knife
throw knife	IsA	knife
bread knife	IsA	knife
bayonet	IsA	knife
chef knife	IsA	knife
spellbook	AtLocation	library
yarn	IsA	textile
yarn	AtLocation	craft store
lace weight	IsA	yarn
worst weight	IsA	yarn
bicycle helmet	AtLocation	house
bicycle helmet	AtLocation	store
cool character	AtLocation	conecept design
draw	IsA	hobby
draw	AtLocation	13 color musical note
draw	IsA	skill
draw	AtLocation	paper
intelligence	IsA	neccesary to comprehend
intelligence	IsA	quantifiable
t shirt	AtLocation	live room
t shirt	AtLocation	build
t shirt	IsA	object
t shirt	AtLocation	house
t shirt	IsA	clothe
many color	AtLocation	paint picture
many color	AtLocation	fish
many color	AtLocation	green
many paint	AtLocation	paint picture
paint landscape	IsA	paint picture
paint portrait	IsA	paint picture
sponge paint	IsA	paint picture
diet coke	AtLocation	restaurant
diet coke	AtLocation	resturant
diet coke	AtLocation	mall
diet coke	AtLocation	store
diet coke	AtLocation	drink machine
pharmaceutical industry	IsA	international manufacture industry
biostatistician	AtLocation	pharmaceutical industry
footbal	IsA	ball
footbal	IsA	fun game
cheshire	IsA	cheese
double gloucester	IsA	cheese
white stilton	IsA	cheese
lancashire	IsA	cheese
savoyard	IsA	cheese
pont-l'eveque	IsA	cheese
port salut	IsA	cheese
tilsit	IsA	cheese
cognitive neuroscience	IsA	psychology
rubberbands	IsA	stretchy
oratorio	IsA	sing
hair brush	AtLocation	bathroom
hair brush	AtLocation	store
picture book	AtLocation	build
picture book	AtLocation	store
picture book	AtLocation	house
conditional statement	AtLocation	plan
cunning plan	IsA	plan
floorplan	IsA	plan
busines plan	IsA	plan
sitekit cm	IsA	comercial software
sitekit cm	IsA	software
periwinkle	IsA	blue
ultramarine	IsA	blue
cream	IsA	skincare
cream	IsA	band
car phone	IsA	telephone
non-fiction	IsA	book
republican democracy	IsA	government
bureaucracy	AtLocation	government
trap	AtLocation	mouse
rice cooker	AtLocation	kitchen
fortune tell paper	AtLocation	shrine
audence	AtLocation	theater
in japan	AtLocation	japanese person
tear	AtLocation	theater
tear	IsA	mostly water and salt
acters	AtLocation	theater
impression	AtLocation	theater
cinderella castle	AtLocation	at desneyland
summer orange	IsA	fruit
straw mat	AtLocation	in japanese room
x-ray photograph	AtLocation	at dentist
ancestral tablet	AtLocation	in temple
futon	AtLocation	in closet
juicer	AtLocation	in kitchen
playstation	IsA	video game
playstation	IsA	game machine
conference	AtLocation	table
conference	AtLocation	speaker
japanese sake	IsA	alcohol beverage
fresh fish	AtLocation	port
fish market	AtLocation	ocean
ball pen	IsA	type of write tool
telegram	IsA	communication tool
operation room	AtLocation	in hospital
hot water	IsA	liquid
dermatologist	IsA	type of doctor
in record studio	AtLocation	mix-recorder
something to eat	AtLocation	supermarket
medical instrument	IsA	instrument
gala apple	IsA	apple
fry rice	IsA	rice
middle-school	IsA	school
north korea	IsA	nation
mussles	IsA	seafood
in bathroom	AtLocation	toothbrush
in bathroom	AtLocation	urinal
olympic game	IsA	hold every four year
phuket thailand	IsA	honeymoon destination
roller skate	IsA	skate
roller skate	AtLocation	skate rink
dress table	AtLocation	inner room
dress table	AtLocation	master bedroom
dress table	AtLocation	in bedroom
snapdragon	IsA	flower
mozilla	IsA	web browser
cracker	AtLocation	cupboard
subway system	AtLocation	city
chat	IsA	talk
sirus	IsA	star
perry rhodan	IsA	science fiction
wisdom	AtLocation	bible
lobbyist	AtLocation	congressman
tampa	AtLocation	in florida
fastener	IsA	part
orlando	AtLocation	in florida
software developer	AtLocation	software development company
soju	IsA	alcohol
percussion	IsA	musical instrument
soy sauce	IsA	season
biscket	IsA	food
brandy	IsA	booze
umbrella rack	AtLocation	front door
xbox360	IsA	game machine
xbox360	IsA	video game console
laptop pc	IsA	personal computer
rice bin	AtLocation	in kitchen
techno	IsA	music
french bread	IsA	bread
glider	IsA	plane
attack	IsA	punch
glas	AtLocation	table
sweet	IsA	smell
sweet	AtLocation	sweetshop
homicide	IsA	manslaughter
homicide	IsA	murder
steam angler fish	IsA	steam dish
go with wind	IsA	movie
dipper	AtLocation	kitchen
laundry machine	AtLocation	bathroom in korea
lose sock	AtLocation	below your bed
bintan	IsA	honeymoon vacation
vegitables	AtLocation	grocery
gas burner	AtLocation	kitchen
jackrabbit	IsA	mammal
old english sheepdog	IsA	dog
wire fox terrier	IsA	dog
skateboarder	AtLocation	in park
stretcher	AtLocation	hospital
chow chow	IsA	dog
dwarf sperm whale	IsA	whale
beluga whale	IsA	whale
english pointer	IsA	dog
japanese chin	IsA	dog
northern bottlenose whale	IsA	whale
jersey	IsA	cow
black tea	IsA	tea
blue whale	IsA	whale
oakland county	AtLocation	in michigan
fundamentalist	IsA	christianity
fundamentalist	AtLocation	taliban
fundamentalist	AtLocation	school
fundamentalist	AtLocation	church
samoyed	IsA	dog
afghan hound	IsA	dog
doberman pinscher	IsA	dog
name-brand product	AtLocation	department store
whippet	IsA	dog
tasman beak whale	IsA	whale
rhinocerous	IsA	mammal
schnauzer	IsA	dog
boston terrier	IsA	dog
labrador	IsA	canadian province
hubbs beak whale	IsA	whale
jet	IsA	fast than propeller
pygmy beak whale	IsA	whale
circus	AtLocation	monkey
meet	IsA	work
meet	AtLocation	friend house
true beak whale	IsA	whale
pygmy bryde whale	IsA	whale
capuchin	IsA	mammal
hereford	IsA	cow
austrlian cattle dog	IsA	dog
great pyrenees	IsA	dog
miniature pinscher	IsA	dog
shiba inu	IsA	dog
southern minke whale	IsA	whale
inland lake	AtLocation	in michigan
yorkshire terrier	IsA	dog
system engineer department	AtLocation	university
baird beak whale	IsA	whale
pharaoh hound	IsA	dog
protestant	IsA	christianity
transformer	AtLocation	utility pole
yellow retriever	IsA	dog
bycycle	IsA	recreational equipment
bull terrier	IsA	dog
english setter	IsA	dog
paint brush	AtLocation	art store
shizuoka dome	AtLocation	shizuoka prefecture
border terrier	IsA	dog
wolf spitz	IsA	dog
jack russell terrier	IsA	dog
tibetan fox	IsA	fox
pekinese	IsA	dog
arnoux beak whale	IsA	whale
sowerby beak whale	IsA	whale
necktie	AtLocation	in closet
aqualine	AtLocation	in tokyo
springer spaniel	IsA	dog
caboose	IsA	railroad car
drummer	AtLocation	festival
drummer	AtLocation	rock band
cuvier beak whale	IsA	whale
tokonoma alcove	AtLocation	japanese-style room
bryde whale	IsA	whale
saint bernard	IsA	dog
ocelot	IsA	cat
red fox	IsA	fox
ginkgo-toothed beak whale	IsA	whale
hyene	IsA	mammal
comcast	IsA	cable television company
gray fox	IsA	fox
black angus	IsA	cow
hector break whale	IsA	whale
large road	AtLocation	urban area
iron board	AtLocation	in closet
welsh corgi	IsA	dog
polecat	IsA	mammal
toilet seat	AtLocation	restroom
bushbaby	IsA	mammal
meet room	IsA	workplace
beauty product	AtLocation	in medicine cabinet
scottish terrier	IsA	dog
tidal wave	AtLocation	at ocean
tidal wave	AtLocation	sea
foxhound	IsA	dog
vitamin	AtLocation	in medicine cabinet
vitamin	IsA	in fruit
blister	AtLocation	finger
stejneger beak whale	IsA	whale
train line map	AtLocation	in train station
american eskimo	IsA	dog
basenji	IsA	dog
holstein	IsA	milk cow
canon	IsA	company name
spade toothed whale	IsA	whale
hexagonal wrench	AtLocation	in tool box
southern bottlenose whale	IsA	whale
black bear	IsA	bear
black bear	IsA	mammal
shar-pei	IsA	dog
shizuoka prefecture	AtLocation	izu peninsula
gervais beak whale	IsA	whale
brittany	IsA	dog
tatami	AtLocation	japanese-style room
tatami	AtLocation	japanese room
tatami	AtLocation	traditional japanese room
northern minke whale	IsA	whale
saluki	IsA	dog
akita	IsA	dog
pipillon	IsA	dog
timer	IsA	useful kitchen tool
timer	AtLocation	kitchen
fox terrier	IsA	dog
japanese person	AtLocation	japan
rastafarian	IsA	religion
shetland sheepdog	IsA	dog
gray beak whale	IsA	whale
cavalier king charles spaniel	IsA	dog
gray whale	IsA	whale
dale chipmunk	AtLocation	disneyland
emergency exit	AtLocation	emergency stairwell
credit	AtLocation	end of movie
pygmy sperm whale	IsA	whale
border collie	IsA	dog
rhodesian ridgeback	IsA	dog
portugese water dog	IsA	dog
bull mastiff	IsA	dog
colonial	IsA	house style
blue crab	IsA	crab
on desk	AtLocation	computer
public servant	IsA	work
cembalo	IsA	keyboard instrument
anapple	IsA	fruit
barnard	AtLocation	columbia university
seaweed soup	IsA	soup
display sign	AtLocation	driveway
coffee shop coffee	IsA	coffee
function cosmetic	IsA	cosmetic
your shoe	AtLocation	in front porch
your shoe	AtLocation	your leave foot
pack	IsA	beauty care product
in hospital	AtLocation	nurse
815 cola	IsA	cola
pohang university	IsA	university
corduroy pant	IsA	pant
baekdoo mountain	IsA	mountain
kindergarten	IsA	grade of school
kindergarten	AtLocation	child
harlem	AtLocation	manhattan
in bedroom	AtLocation	clothe
powder	IsA	cosmetic
iris flower	IsA	flower
wild camomile	IsA	flower
laser mouse	IsA	mouse
manual	AtLocation	chemistry lab
manual	IsA	document type
cleanse gel	IsA	cleanser
in sky	AtLocation	sun
in sky	AtLocation	cloud
shoecases	AtLocation	in frontporch
squirells	AtLocation	park
cellist	IsA	performer
cellist	IsA	performist
countryside	AtLocation	farm
countryside	AtLocation	meadow
countryside	AtLocation	field
countryside	AtLocation	hill
countryside	AtLocation	cow
countryside	AtLocation	land
countryside	AtLocation	grass
cleanse foam	IsA	cleanser
rice plant	IsA	grain
point finger	IsA	gesture
in temple	AtLocation	monk
thousand win	IsA	money
book cover	IsA	usualy illustrate
side dish	IsA	food
string ensemble	IsA	music
digestive	AtLocation	drug store
brewedcoffee	IsA	coffee
korean alphabet	IsA	letter
korean alphabet	IsA	alphabet
king coconut	AtLocation	in sri lanka
y shirt	IsA	apparel
in your house	AtLocation	picture frame
cleanse lotion	IsA	cleanser
cleanse lotion	IsA	cleanse product
ball mouse	IsA	mouse
tabletennis	IsA	sport
sun block cream	IsA	cosmetic product
meat soup	IsA	soup
cleanse oil	IsA	cleanser
cleanse oil	IsA	cleanse lotion
clarinett	IsA	wind instrument
5 thousand win	IsA	money
valentine day	AtLocation	14th of february
daejon	AtLocation	in korea
noble man	IsA	social position
steam crab	IsA	steam dish
at institute	AtLocation	tutor
your sneaker	AtLocation	in front porch
your sneaker	AtLocation	in porch
bulgogi burger	IsA	hamburger
under bed	AtLocation	lose sock
scallion pancake	IsA	food
winter break	IsA	break
nod head	IsA	gesture
815	IsA	coke
dad	AtLocation	at home
in park lot	AtLocation	car
manicure	IsA	nail careproducts
manicure	IsA	make up
kaist	AtLocation	daejon
sickbed	AtLocation	hospital
sickbed	AtLocation	at hospital
nail serum	IsA	nail care product
nail serum	IsA	nail care
msn	IsA	messenger
lemon juice	IsA	cocktail recipe
guidebook	AtLocation	table
ball point pen	IsA	pen
digital alarm clock	IsA	clock
astringent	IsA	cosmetic
in bed room	AtLocation	bed
leisure person	AtLocation	beac
fansy	IsA	flower
sunflwer	IsA	flower
wild lily	IsA	flower
lip remover	IsA	cleanse product
burdock	IsA	vegetable
play grind	AtLocation	in school
bullet proof glass	IsA	glass
ox tale soup	IsA	food
celery	IsA	vegetalbe
chicken burger	IsA	hamburger
judo	IsA	sport
high heel shoe	IsA	shoe
dongdae moon	AtLocation	seoul
shoe closet	AtLocation	porch
incheon city	AtLocation	port
whopper	IsA	hamburger
naver.com	IsA	search engine
brochure	IsA	document type
yhe cupboard	AtLocation	cup
studentts	AtLocation	in school
your grandmother	AtLocation	master bedroom
carra	IsA	flower
my daughter	AtLocation	my house
dea jon	IsA	metropolitan city
broth serve with rice	IsA	food
vodca	IsA	beverage
indian myth	IsA	myth
sneaker	AtLocation	front porch
sneaker	IsA	shoe
business man	IsA	job
outer wear	IsA	clothe
men cosmetic	IsA	cosmetic
african american	AtLocation	harlem
durian	AtLocation	in sri lanka
durian	IsA	fruit
in bookcase	AtLocation	book
cleanse cream	IsA	beauty care product
cleanse	IsA	cosmetic
cleanse	IsA	water
bowl of rice	IsA	meal
jean skirt	IsA	skirt
in refridgerator	AtLocation	fruit
semi formal suit	IsA	clothe
tricholoma matsurake	IsA	mushroom
squirrell	AtLocation	mountain
run shoe	IsA	shoe
peptic	IsA	medicine
korea university	AtLocation	in seoul
korea university	IsA	college
korea university	IsA	university
bakery	AtLocation	cake
bakery	AtLocation	bread
bakery	AtLocation	loaf
in park	AtLocation	flower
summer break	IsA	break
eye liner	IsA	cosmetic
your shampoo	AtLocation	bathroom
ps2	IsA	video game playet
pollo	IsA	sport
kim bab	IsA	food
wood block	AtLocation	in kindergarden
snow storm	IsA	weather
jasmine	IsA	flower
royal family	IsA	social position
in restaurant	AtLocation	rice
concealer	IsA	make up
concealer	IsA	cosmetic
cuchions	AtLocation	bedroom
your long lose sock	AtLocation	beneath bed
your father	AtLocation	inthe office
makisushi	IsA	food
lip balm	IsA	cosmetic
sihk	IsA	religion
steam food	IsA	food
lens galaxy	IsA	galaxy
heavy rain	IsA	rain
your aunt	AtLocation	relative house
peron	AtLocation	earth
instrumentalist	IsA	musician
lap top	IsA	computer
constancy	AtLocation	universe
your frypan	AtLocation	kitchen
chinese character	IsA	letter
aralia shoot	IsA	vegetable
batter-fried food	IsA	food
your pocket	AtLocation	your wallet
sea beam	IsA	fish
your room	AtLocation	book
nate on	IsA	im
on table	AtLocation	spoon
rice cake	AtLocation	store
in room	AtLocation	book
in room	AtLocation	door
cutlass fish	IsA	fish
your lose sock	AtLocation	beneath bed
taebek mountain	IsA	mountain
blue house	AtLocation	seoul
short track	IsA	sport
shoe case	AtLocation	front porch
magnolia	IsA	flower
tc	AtLocation	columbia university
scallion	AtLocation	refridgerator
soybean paste	IsA	soup
in master bedroom	AtLocation	mattress
china dress	IsA	apparel
amd	IsA	computer company
bowl of rice top with ingredient	IsA	rice
twin cake	IsA	cosmetic
peptics	IsA	medicine
hockey skate	IsA	skate
maldives	IsA	honeymoon attraction
power pepper	IsA	season
study room	AtLocation	house
sugarcane	AtLocation	plantation
hard disk	IsA	safe to store information on
cheetar	IsA	animal
washingmachine	IsA	electrical appliance
game developer	IsA	job
in court	AtLocation	judge
wheat rice	IsA	rice
squirrells	AtLocation	mountain
your sibling	AtLocation	house
flat fish	IsA	fish
thriller	IsA	movie genre
thriller	IsA	movie
toner	IsA	beautycare
water volleyball	IsA	sport
aligator	IsA	reptile
in driveway	AtLocation	car
in driveway	AtLocation	your car
korean	IsA	language
eye shadow	IsA	cosmetic
compact	IsA	make up
soy bean paste soup	IsA	soup
in mountain	AtLocation	squirals
soogoonga	IsA	folk tale
big brother	IsA	watch you
gas range stove	AtLocation	in kitchen
pop	IsA	store and
pop	IsA	music
suburb	AtLocation	house
five thousand win	IsA	money
on your finger	AtLocation	ring
greek myth	IsA	myth
scrub	IsA	beauty product
scrub	IsA	function beutycare
contrabase	IsA	percussion instrument
bali	IsA	honeymoon attraction
mic	AtLocation	karaoke
ten thousand win	IsA	money
asteraceae	IsA	flower
soundcard	AtLocation	in computer
lip gloss	IsA	cosmetic
blue jean skirt	IsA	skirt
stump foot	IsA	gesture
millet	IsA	grain
cosmos	IsA	flower
flair skirt	IsA	dress
motor	AtLocation	in car
k2	IsA	mountain
glases	AtLocation	in pub
roboter	IsA	object
roboter	IsA	technologie
barkeeper	AtLocation	in pub
storry	AtLocation	in film
bowel	AtLocation	in human body
plot	AtLocation	in film
plot	IsA	scheme
rom	IsA	city
ch	IsA	castle
cyborg	IsA	robot
bremen	IsA	city
drunken person	AtLocation	in pub
mercedes	IsA	car
azote	AtLocation	in air
rover	IsA	car
football player	IsA	very large men
football player	IsA	catch ball
football player	AtLocation	tremendous speed
football player	IsA	outstanding atheletes
football player	IsA	pad
football player	IsA	person
football player	AtLocation	school
football player	AtLocation	football stadium
football player	IsA	catch football ball
football player	IsA	catch football
stuttgart	IsA	city
longdrinks	AtLocation	pub
street light	AtLocation	freeway
frauenkirche	AtLocation	in dresden
prohlis	AtLocation	in dresden
rostock	AtLocation	map
big city	AtLocation	satelite photo
rainbow	AtLocation	shine brightly
rainbow	IsA	visible spectrum of light
rainbow	AtLocation	sky
nothing useful	AtLocation	my carpet
ufa-palast	AtLocation	in dresden
satelite photo	AtLocation	google map
limestone	AtLocation	cave
hauptbahnhof	AtLocation	in dresden
some tissue	AtLocation	at my desk
demon	AtLocation	hell
subject	IsA	science
subject	IsA	math
id card	IsA	card
malaguena	IsA	dance
vanilla	IsA	ice cream
knifemaking	IsA	hobby
table dance	IsA	dance
rockband	IsA	artist
mint	IsA	spice
love movie	IsA	movie
pachanga	IsA	dance
central africa	IsA	country
folk dance	IsA	dance
breakdance	IsA	dance
lap dance	IsA	dance
webpage	IsA	file
bellydance	IsA	dance
rock and roll	IsA	dance
missile	IsA	rocket
cha cha cha	IsA	dance
reggae	IsA	dance
reggae	IsA	music
bandaid	AtLocation	in hospital
fresh	IsA	smell
short movie	IsA	movie
macarena	IsA	dance
tarantella	IsA	dance
beekeeping	IsA	hobby
miso	IsA	soup
emo	IsA	music
highland dance	IsA	dance
origami	IsA	hobby
villa	IsA	place to live
time warp	IsA	dance
polka	IsA	dance
ninja	IsA	fighter
lambada	IsA	dance
enamel	IsA	hobby
decorate	IsA	matter of taste
ballroom dance	IsA	dance
ballroom dance	IsA	not so popular these day
japanese traditional dance	IsA	dance
casshew	IsA	nut
breadfruit	IsA	fruit
miniature figure	IsA	hobby
videogame	IsA	game
mp3	IsA	file
polonaise	IsA	dance
eggfruit	IsA	fruit
street dance	IsA	dance
sake	IsA	kind of alcohol
embroidary	IsA	hobby
mandarin	IsA	dialect of chinese
mandarin	IsA	fruit
bolero	IsA	dance
hip hop dance	IsA	dance
ginger root	IsA	spice
dragonfruit	IsA	fruit
fandango	IsA	dance
bouree	IsA	dance
sour	IsA	smell
square dance	IsA	dance
solar eclipse	IsA	astronomic phenomenon
quilt	IsA	hobby
quilt	AtLocation	trunk
pogo	IsA	dance
two step	IsA	dance
limbo	IsA	dance
charleston	IsA	dance
pepsi cola	IsA	cola
burrito	IsA	mexican food
cress	IsA	vegetable
h-bomb	IsA	weapon
altruistic person	IsA	person
egoistic person	IsA	person
hiphop	IsA	music
sea beet	IsA	vegetable
blackberry	IsA	berry
plum tree	IsA	tree
merengue	IsA	dance
pomelo	IsA	fruit
tap dance	IsA	dance
cancan	IsA	dance
tourdion	IsA	dance
dog breed	IsA	hobby
sony playstation	IsA	game device
line dance	IsA	dance
azerbaijan republic	IsA	country
blacksmithing	IsA	hobby
microsoft xbox	IsA	game device
aggressive person	IsA	person
sega dreamcast	IsA	game device
bhangra	IsA	dance
licorice	IsA	spice
grappa	IsA	alcohol
squaredance	IsA	dance
allemande	IsA	dance
bossa nova	IsA	dance
chicory	IsA	vegetable
scrapbooking	IsA	hobby
salsa	IsA	dance
irish dance	IsA	dance
shuffle	IsA	deck
shuffle	IsA	dance
foul	IsA	smell
friendly person	IsA	person
game card	IsA	card
snooker	IsA	billiard
ashmore and cartier island	IsA	country
nintendo gamecube	IsA	game device
weave	IsA	hobby
kumquat	IsA	fruit
menu of food	AtLocation	dine room
mangosteen	IsA	fruit
coffee of tearoom	IsA	coffee
1000 win	IsA	paper money
wireless mouse	IsA	mouse
steam bun	IsA	steam dish
carbonic acide beverage	IsA	beverage
tae-gu chowder	IsA	hot chowder
freesia	IsA	flower
pan-fried food	IsA	food
surgical operation room	AtLocation	hospital
new year eve	IsA	any other night
one-piece	IsA	skirt
chine cabbage	IsA	vegetable
port	AtLocation	incheon
bracken	IsA	herb
chamber pot	AtLocation	in toilet
narcissus	IsA	flower
cookpot	AtLocation	in house
weilimdorf	AtLocation	stuttgart
great buddha statue	AtLocation	toudaiji in nara
northern light	AtLocation	north pole
shoe polish	AtLocation	front door
earl grey	IsA	tea
ab	IsA	blood type
matchbox	IsA	hodgepodge
baby rattle	IsA	hodgepodge
cutter	IsA	taylor tool
paper-clip	IsA	hodgepodge
orphan knob	IsA	hodgepodge
stump of pencil	IsA	hodgepodge
zwenkau	AtLocation	leipzig
a4	IsA	paper
blizzard	IsA	weather
good mood	IsA	emotion
peace of your mind	AtLocation	in chile
tram	AtLocation	city
long forget address	AtLocation	in your purse
religious	AtLocation	vatikan
winter vacation	IsA	vacation
icewm	IsA	computer desktop
bavarian	AtLocation	in bavaria
happyness	IsA	feel
partner	IsA	entity to work or live with
thumb person	IsA	idiot
bread roll	IsA	bread
neonazi	IsA	criminal
slow food	IsA	meal
sauerkraut	AtLocation	in bavaria
sauerkraut	AtLocation	bavaria
worse	IsA	adjective
gnome	IsA	computer desktop
politics	AtLocation	washington dc
bsd	IsA	computer operate system
iraqi	IsA	nationality
nicotin	IsA	drug
free software foundation	IsA	company name
sheep cheese	IsA	cheese
black bread	IsA	bread
rock'n roll	IsA	fun
globalmind	IsA	waste time
nice	IsA	adjective
gouda	IsA	cheese
brasilian	IsA	nationality
kde	IsA	computer desktop
us-american	IsA	nationality
coffein	IsA	drug
unix	IsA	computer operate system
unix	IsA	system
unix	IsA	operate system
spoon and chopstick	AtLocation	restaurant
bathtube	AtLocation	bathroom
fried-dish	IsA	food
dace	IsA	fish
waffer	IsA	hamburger
lanceman	IsA	soldier
western-style archery	IsA	sport
star craft	IsA	blizard
agaric	IsA	mushroom
sportsman	IsA	job
akkumulator	IsA	computer
vermin	AtLocation	garbage
vermin	IsA	rat
brandenburger gate	AtLocation	in berlin
titt	IsA	breast
boop	IsA	breast
star chart	AtLocation	in observatory
offramp	AtLocation	highway
oil well	AtLocation	in texas
barbeque	AtLocation	in texas
barbeque	IsA	summer event
barbeque	IsA	typical american past-time
spacecraft	AtLocation	in space
katzbalger	IsA	sword
federschwert	IsA	sword
tit	IsA	bird
hermeticism	IsA	religion
morpheus	IsA	greek god
yew	IsA	poisonous plant
chainmail	IsA	fabric
strange matter	IsA	phase
baselard	IsA	sword
wark	IsA	activity
turbine	IsA	machine
maize	IsA	domesticate plant
pallasch	IsA	sword
woodpacker	IsA	bird
kamera	IsA	machine
linnen	IsA	fabric
arquebuse	IsA	firearm
ayyavazhi	IsA	religion
outdoors	AtLocation	forest
outdoors	AtLocation	sky
flamberge	IsA	sword
mayapple	IsA	poisonous plant
bonbon	IsA	candy
hera	IsA	greek god
weakly symmetric matter	IsA	phase
jian	IsA	sword
pontus	IsA	greek god
demeter	IsA	greek god
plasma	IsA	phase
hephaestus	IsA	greek god
damask	IsA	fabric
musket	IsA	firearm
castor oil plant	IsA	poisonous plant
hermes	IsA	greek god
cheesecloth	IsA	fabric
are	IsA	greek god
wolfsbane	IsA	poisonous plant
compressor	IsA	machine
bayonette	IsA	blade weapon
gossamer	IsA	fabric
apollo	IsA	greek god
gnosticism	IsA	religion
vaishnavism	IsA	religion
degenerate matter	IsA	phase
xiphos	IsA	sword
oat	IsA	domesticate plant
kukri	IsA	dagger
quinoa	IsA	domesticate plant
croissant	IsA	common french food
croissant	IsA	pastry
flintlock pistol	IsA	firearm
diamond ring	IsA	jewelery
diamond ring	AtLocation	your finger
neutronium	IsA	phase
hestia	IsA	greek god
cinquedea	IsA	sword
superfluid	IsA	phase
plush	IsA	fabric
mandaeism	IsA	religion
erebus	IsA	greek god
eros	IsA	greek god
shintoism	IsA	religion
quicksilver	IsA	metal
gray	IsA	colour
quark-gluon plasma	IsA	phase
poseidon	IsA	greek god
gatling gun	IsA	firearm
wakizashi	IsA	sword
parsnip	IsA	domesticate plant
bose-einstein condensate	IsA	phase
amorphous solid	IsA	phase
tanto	IsA	dagger
amaranth	IsA	domesticate plant
rye	IsA	domesticate plant
tartarus	IsA	greek god
fermionic condensate	IsA	phase
oleander	IsA	poisonous plant
foxglove	IsA	poisonous plant
katar	IsA	dagger
hemera	IsA	greek god
deadly nightshade	IsA	poisonous plant
falchion	IsA	sword
strongly symmetric matter	IsA	phase
barley	IsA	domesticate plant
combustion engine	IsA	machine
combat knife	IsA	dagger
poison hemlock	IsA	poisonous plant
point	IsA	dot
delphinium	IsA	poisonous plant
baha'i	IsA	religion
nyx	IsA	greek god
aether	IsA	greek god
crystalline solid	IsA	phase
buckwheat	IsA	domesticate plant
gaea	IsA	greek god
chronos	IsA	greek god
co-pilot	AtLocation	on plane
chaos	IsA	greek god
yen	IsA	currency
lever	IsA	basic tool
lever	IsA	wrench
supersolid	IsA	phase
no-dachi	IsA	sword
privet	IsA	poisonous plant
zweihander	IsA	sword
estoc	IsA	sword
satin	IsA	fabric
kris	IsA	dagger
playstation portable	IsA	video game console
work person	AtLocation	in travel agency
information about country	AtLocation	in travel agency
transporter	IsA	car
game boy	IsA	video game console
suv	IsA	car
chicken tender	IsA	fast food
coco nut	IsA	nut
carott	IsA	vegetarian food
atv	IsA	car
ice tea	AtLocation	fridge
burger	IsA	fast food
broschures about country	AtLocation	in travel agency
pisoir	AtLocation	at public toliet
tcp packet	IsA	data packet
jscript	IsA	program language
assembler	IsA	program language
delphi	IsA	program language
hit	IsA	apply impulse to object
lycos	IsA	company
lycos	IsA	publically trade company
arthritis	IsA	disease
kevin bacon	IsA	person
hbo	IsA	television station
hbo	IsA	home box office
xpl	IsA	program language
avocet	IsA	bird
cockatoo	IsA	bird
boeing 777	IsA	aircraft
house wren	IsA	bird
scurvy	IsA	disease
grebe	IsA	bird
oxpecker	IsA	bird
coot	IsA	bird
cowbird	IsA	bird
cockatiel	IsA	bird
bacopa	IsA	plant
bulbul	IsA	bird
tinamou	IsA	bird
rhododendron	IsA	plant
hornbill	IsA	bird
grouse	IsA	bird
helichrysum	IsA	plant
booby	IsA	bird
osteospermum	IsA	plant
lovebird	IsA	bird
jay	IsA	bird
ipomoea	IsA	plant
canary	IsA	bird
lamium	IsA	plant
cuphea	IsA	plant
curassow	IsA	bird
osprey	IsA	bird
condor	IsA	bird
sapsucker	IsA	bird
kestrel	IsA	bird
thrasher	IsA	bird
waxwing	IsA	bird
gannet	IsA	bird
gannet	IsA	good glider
calibrachoa	IsA	plant
argyranthemum	IsA	plant
leyland cypress	IsA	plant
cormorant	IsA	bird
smalltalk	IsA	program language
smalltalk	IsA	drug
nokia	IsA	company
ericsson	IsA	company
hebron academy	IsA	private school
karl malone	IsA	basketball player
utah jazz	IsA	basketball team
ginseng	IsA	plant
boston celtic	IsA	basketball team
final cut pro	IsA	software
fred	IsA	name
maine	IsA	state
maine	IsA	place
peter pan	IsA	fictional character
yellow fever	IsA	disease
houston rocket	IsA	basketball team
los angeles lakers	IsA	basketball team
cucumber	IsA	plant
cucumber	AtLocation	farmer market
cucumber	IsA	vegetable
cucumber	IsA	pickle
man who sue god	IsA	film
metformin	IsA	drug
groundhog day	IsA	holiday
groundhog day	IsA	in february
south america	IsA	continent
egret	IsA	bird
hewlett-packard	IsA	company
airbus	IsA	company
multiple sclerosis	IsA	disease
what lie beneath	IsA	film
vilnius	IsA	place
smithsonian institution	IsA	museum
hoatzin	IsA	bird
mescaline	IsA	drug
psilocybin	IsA	drug
codeine	IsA	drug
powerlifting	IsA	sport
queanbeyan	IsA	city
butter chicken	IsA	food
cotinga	IsA	bird
nrma	AtLocation	australia
lincoln memorial	IsA	place
budapest	IsA	place
something you find brothel	IsA	prostitute
old man	IsA	hold trophy
jellybeans	AtLocation	jar
this hat	IsA	red and shinny
this bagel	IsA	cover iwith cream cheese
medical secretary	AtLocation	dentist
some woman enjoy	IsA	slut
drunkeness	AtLocation	party
guru	AtLocation	mountain
vasoconstrictor	IsA	drug
vasoconstrictor	IsA	any drug
electric outlet	AtLocation	refrigerator be
hard work and self-discipline	IsA	end in itself
my cubicle	AtLocation	work
summer and winter	IsA	season
some person think that competition	IsA	bad thing
hot	IsA	adjective
fluoxetine	IsA	ssri
neurosis	IsA	mental imbalance
ssri	IsA	antidepressant
sperm whale	IsA	whale
coastal patrol craft	IsA	vessel
wrods	AtLocation	book
charcole	AtLocation	filter
audience member	AtLocation	auditorium
ash	IsA	grow up
ash	AtLocation	urn
hard question	AtLocation	test
irs	AtLocation	your business
herbert hoover	AtLocation	closet
address	AtLocation	phonebook
address	AtLocation	mailbox
address	IsA	where person life
neighborhood	AtLocation	neighbor
urinal	AtLocation	men restroom
shut off notice	AtLocation	door
pot soil	AtLocation	planter
pot soil	AtLocation	flower pot
crack house	AtLocation	ghetto
eyeball	AtLocation	eye socket
eyeball	IsA	complex organ
eyeball	IsA	spherical and have many part
teen-agers	AtLocation	mall
little kid	IsA	like puppy
foam	AtLocation	fire extinguisher
young man	IsA	play rythum and blue
young man	IsA	play saxophone
young man	IsA	play ice hockey
young man	IsA	watch set sun
lose change	AtLocation	your pocket
punk	AtLocation	mosh pit
crazy person	AtLocation	mental ward
device	IsA	phone
cobbler	IsA	creator and fixer of shoe
book-keeper	IsA	profession
game of life	IsA	board game
mural	AtLocation	wall
holy book	AtLocation	church
congo river	IsA	in africa
czech	IsA	nationality
poisonous snake	AtLocation	australia
literary passage	AtLocation	anthology
mad man	AtLocation	mental asylum
roe	AtLocation	herd
escherichia coli	AtLocation	your colon
loud music	AtLocation	concert
mit media laboratory	IsA	laboratory
society of mind	IsA	book
phraughy	IsA	screen name
green wall	IsA	wall
6.170	IsA	class
middle finger of my hand	IsA	long than other one
boy scout	AtLocation	parade
boy scout	IsA	award medal
portrait	AtLocation	wall
portrait	IsA	picture of person
portrait	IsA	paint representation of person
dispatcher	AtLocation	communication center
moustraps	AtLocation	basement
moisture	AtLocation	air
cheer fan	AtLocation	sport event
something you find follow child	IsA	stray dog
pattern	IsA	paisley
pattern	IsA	plaid
use clothe	AtLocation	yardsale
something you find outer space	IsA	man make sattelites
throw dart	IsA	not as easy as it look
throw dart	IsA	form of entertainment
dangerous gas	AtLocation	sewer
disease-causing bacteria	AtLocation	sewage
sewerage	AtLocation	sewer
victim	AtLocation	crime scene
support	AtLocation	marriage
support	AtLocation	family
carnivore	AtLocation	zoo
carnivore	IsA	tiger
carnivore	IsA	cat
intimacy	AtLocation	family
intimacy	AtLocation	marriage
evidence	AtLocation	crime scene
peace of mind	AtLocation	home
your personal possession	AtLocation	home
your heart	AtLocation	home
grief	AtLocation	war
grief	IsA	when share
polyethylene	IsA	plastic
hot dog vendor	AtLocation	baseball game
spice-rack	AtLocation	kitchen
really bad beer	AtLocation	baseball game
sphinx	AtLocation	egypt
amusement	AtLocation	circus
spanish speak	AtLocation	spain
hair follicle	AtLocation	scalp
samhain	IsA	on october 31
vernal	IsA	word mean relevant to spring
hive	AtLocation	bee
chinchilla	AtLocation	pet store
bore person	AtLocation	internet chat room
diana	IsA	goddess of hunt
lot of stuff about sex	AtLocation	pervert person mind
safe	AtLocation	money
alphabetize article	AtLocation	encyclopedia
red or blue thread	AtLocation	dollar bill
fluff	AtLocation	one bellybutton
human waste	AtLocation	septic tank
cheap clothe	AtLocation	salvation army store
flock of wild pony	AtLocation	meadow
anvil	AtLocation	comic
dead canary	AtLocation	coal mine
loud speaker	AtLocation	concert
tea cup	AtLocation	cupboard
eviction notice	AtLocation	apartment
chocolate candy	AtLocation	easter basket
oregano	AtLocation	pasta dish
thoroughbred	IsA	fast horse
buzzard	IsA	scavegers
chigger	AtLocation	your navel
bird nest	AtLocation	bush
bird nest	AtLocation	tree
important paper	AtLocation	file cabinet
pervert	AtLocation	strip club
too many person	AtLocation	bombay
possum	AtLocation	road
seesaw	AtLocation	playground
run of bull	AtLocation	pamplona spain
guggenheim museum	AtLocation	bilbao spain
private think	AtLocation	diary
space needle	AtLocation	seattle washington
bottle of merlot	AtLocation	wine cellar
old key	AtLocation	junk drawer
michelangelo david	AtLocation	florence italy
director matt paschke	AtLocation	rsi
web	AtLocation	spider
neocortex	AtLocation	human brain
relief	AtLocation	beer
person in need	AtLocation	help
timothy mcvey	AtLocation	death row
wash powder	AtLocation	box
crisp	AtLocation	vend machine
crisp	AtLocation	table
bat boy	AtLocation	weekly world news
link	AtLocation	webpage
mario	AtLocation	nintendo game
recursion	AtLocation	program
advert	AtLocation	magazine
bias	AtLocation	murdoch press
salvation	IsA	religious experience
salvation	AtLocation	cathedral
salvation	AtLocation	synagogue
sumo wrestle	AtLocation	japan
sumo wrestle	IsA	japanese sport
ice skate	AtLocation	hockey game
drown	IsA	bad way to die
fetus	AtLocation	womb
turbocharger	AtLocation	car
heresy	AtLocation	religion
ulcer	AtLocation	your stomach
rock star	AtLocation	stage
rock star	IsA	in news often
circus performer	AtLocation	high wire
transistor	AtLocation	cell phone
charcoal	AtLocation	barbecue
rheostat	AtLocation	light switch
pair of glass	AtLocation	case
pair of glass	AtLocation	your face
old computer	AtLocation	trash
disguise	IsA	hide your identity
disguise	IsA	wall to keep person away
physicist	IsA	person who study physic
happiness in service	AtLocation	others
teach open mind	IsA	odd way to entertain yourself
your boss	AtLocation	your face
bald head	IsA	not
ronald reagan	IsA	former president
ayn rand	IsA	author
newborn poop	AtLocation	your butt
splooge	IsA	jizz
toe jam	AtLocation	between toe
pubic hair	AtLocation	your tooth
pubic hair	AtLocation	adult genital area
icicle	AtLocation	water
poop stain	AtLocation	your underwear
carriage house	AtLocation	alleyway
log-jamming	IsA	phrase for do it
shotgun barrel	AtLocation	your mouth
sperm	AtLocation	sperm bank
homemade jam	AtLocation	farmer market
do list	AtLocation	desk
greet	IsA	hello
greet	IsA	hi
letter tray	AtLocation	desk
far	AtLocation	orbit
spoil food	IsA	not to be eat
sherpa	AtLocation	tibet
if you	AtLocation	boat you need lifesaver
if you	IsA	sick he will help
if you	IsA	shoot it hurt
if you	IsA	drunk you may crash pole
if you	IsA	travel you go on trip
if you	IsA	sick you need to get well
if you	IsA	thirsty you need some water
if you	IsA	late somewhere you canrun there
composer	IsA	beethoven
cubism	IsA	art movement
fruit tree	AtLocation	orchard
grapevine	AtLocation	vineyard
hard shell	AtLocation	turtle
pretty ribbon	AtLocation	gift
cue ball	AtLocation	pool table
new reality	AtLocation	on mushroom
pocket	AtLocation	your pant
pocket	AtLocation	change
pocket	AtLocation	lint
pocket	AtLocation	pencil
pocket	AtLocation	wallet
pocket	AtLocation	money
pocket	AtLocation	knife
something you find armory	IsA	gun
airport	IsA	where person get on airplane
airport	AtLocation	baggage
sattelites	AtLocation	outer space be
pesant	AtLocation	village
cofee	AtLocation	cup
ffod	AtLocation	restaurant
brand new car	AtLocation	janet wei ass
durt	AtLocation	dump truck
ligament	AtLocation	perwson
canadian	AtLocation	canada
pop music	AtLocation	radio
jewellery	AtLocation	jewellery box
journal	AtLocation	library
hail	AtLocation	thunderstorm
vacationer	AtLocation	state park
altar server	AtLocation	church
squirel	AtLocation	apple tree
reshelving cart	AtLocation	library
vegtable	AtLocation	can
vegtable	AtLocation	ven
lion tame	AtLocation	circus
buliten	AtLocation	church
wine steward	AtLocation	restaurant
baptismal font	AtLocation	church
patron of art	AtLocation	symphony
gaffer	AtLocation	film set
key grip	AtLocation	film set
innovator	AtLocation	start-up
share resource	AtLocation	common
scheduler	AtLocation	operate system
cineastes	AtLocation	film festival
commonsense	AtLocation	open mind
respect	IsA	important concept
stuff	AtLocation	build
stuff	AtLocation	desk
stuff	AtLocation	box
stuff	IsA	thing
large girl	IsA	small than build
protein	IsA	important part of balance diet
hamburger meat	IsA	grind beef
tee	IsA	hold gold ball
tee	IsA	piece of gold equiptment
group of rhino	IsA	crash
four letter word	IsA	vulgar slang
kilo	IsA	prefix mean thousand
nude woman	AtLocation	strip club
ethnic minority	AtLocation	city
panic	IsA	activity
loose woman	AtLocation	bar
confuse and manipulate advice	AtLocation	astrology and fortune tell
ignorant bigot	AtLocation	american south
skiiers	AtLocation	ski slope
red dust	AtLocation	mar
gauze	AtLocation	hospital
martian	AtLocation	mar
tragedy	AtLocation	melodrama
iceberg	AtLocation	arctic ocean
kangeroos	AtLocation	australia
something you find irish folk tale	IsA	leprechaun
odor	AtLocation	dirty laundry
oppose viewpoint	AtLocation	debate
pinoccio	AtLocation	whale
disinformation	AtLocation	internet
macy in	AtLocation	shop mall
stupidity	AtLocation	person
conspicuous consumption	AtLocation	wealthy person
fabrication	AtLocation	bible
something you find african drum music	IsA	polyrhythm
confusion and paradox	AtLocation	theory of quantum mechanic
powerful mythical be	AtLocation	myth
frivilous knowledge	AtLocation	openmind database
cigarette butt	AtLocation	ashtray
video card	AtLocation	computer
something you find interest	IsA	art
something you find attractive	IsA	girl
give lecture	IsA	one way to earn live
homo sapiens	IsA	no endanger specie
bai	AtLocation	fish boat
light fixture	AtLocation	ceiling
toddler	IsA	small child
oil paint and brush	AtLocation	art supply store
holy word of god	AtLocation	bible
quartz movement	AtLocation	watch
word and their definition	AtLocation	dictionary
tidal pool	AtLocation	low tide
sinker	AtLocation	tackle box
heavy equipment	AtLocation	construction site
leader with hook	AtLocation	tackle box
pair of oar	AtLocation	rowboat
pair of oar	AtLocation	boat
aphid	AtLocation	rose
not always yours to keep	AtLocation	someone else lose
lupine	AtLocation	texas
family photo album	AtLocation	old trunk
gavel	AtLocation	judge bench
bobber	AtLocation	tackle box
engine or motor	AtLocation	hood of car
original work of art	AtLocation	art gallery
treble hook	AtLocation	tackle box
dust ball	AtLocation	couch
really excellent restaurant	AtLocation	san francisco
frequent earthquake	AtLocation	tectonically active area
fossil	AtLocation	sedimentary rock
fossil	AtLocation	rock bed
fossil	IsA	evidence of past life
fossil	AtLocation	museum of natural history
fossil	AtLocation	grand canyon
round smooth rock	AtLocation	river bottom
orange tree	AtLocation	bloom now
my father	AtLocation	read book
cold medicine	AtLocation	drugstore
wicked witch	AtLocation	cackle madly
new fossil	AtLocation	be form
cold person	AtLocation	bus stop
magnetic pickup	AtLocation	electric guitar
bush	AtLocation	rose garden
water lily	AtLocation	artificial pond
cheese worm	AtLocation	cheese
wild game	IsA	animal
mousse	AtLocation	someone hair
hairspray	AtLocation	someone hair
egine	AtLocation	car
shellfish	IsA	not really fish
shellfish	AtLocation	sea
shellfish	IsA	crab
artefact	AtLocation	excavation
go to circus	IsA	something you might do impulsively
silicon aluminum copper and gold	AtLocation	computer
many spell mistake	AtLocation	open mind database
extraterrestrial life	AtLocation	another solar system
motion picture	IsA	reel of single frame picture
warm coat	IsA	important part of winter clothe
creative person	AtLocation	art store
thunder storm	AtLocation	sky
great thought	IsA	something
lose person	AtLocation	new york city
trombone or 76	AtLocation	march band
adventurer	AtLocation	dark cave
adventurer	AtLocation	fly airplane
adventurer	AtLocation	climb cliff
adventurer	AtLocation	shoot rapid
anti-intellectualism	AtLocation	bible college
tire child	AtLocation	class
doodle	AtLocation	notebook
time when god command genocide	AtLocation	bible
permafrost	AtLocation	arctic
permafrost	AtLocation	north
partly digest bony fish	AtLocation	jelly
political prisoner	AtLocation	jail
wage slave	AtLocation	work
freight	AtLocation	boxcar
freight	AtLocation	train car
test paper	AtLocation	classroom
paper clutter	AtLocation	office
problem with polar cap melt	IsA	rise in sea level
hermit	IsA	weird old men who live alone
economic growth	IsA	activity
over six billion person	AtLocation	surface of earth
bicycle owner	AtLocation	good health
wildlife photographer	AtLocation	canoe
mold spore	AtLocation	air
prop	AtLocation	stage
excess junk	AtLocation	storage bin
lotion	AtLocation	shelf
lotion	AtLocation	moisturizer
lotion	AtLocation	bottle
credulous person	AtLocation	church
false sense of comfort	AtLocation	religion
waste	IsA	unuseful to person
waste	IsA	garbage
burn out teacher	AtLocation	school
gas chromatograph	AtLocation	analytical lab
four wall	AtLocation	room
checkmate	AtLocation	end of chess game
yell preacher	AtLocation	church
car owner	AtLocation	debt
plant life	AtLocation	garden
plant life	AtLocation	surface of earth
lose time	AtLocation	work
hydrochlorofluorocarbon	AtLocation	airconditioner
rigid social structure	AtLocation	bob jones university
tire track	AtLocation	mud
naturalist	AtLocation	canoe
think control	AtLocation	church
footlocker	AtLocation	end of bunk
footlocker	AtLocation	army surplus store
small amount of water	AtLocation	boat
ale	AtLocation	pub
waste money	AtLocation	fancy wed
empty ritual	AtLocation	church
dog sleep	AtLocation	sun
one person commute to work	AtLocation	6000 pound suv
spc chart	AtLocation	chemistry lab
home cook meal	AtLocation	home
home cook meal	IsA	healthy than fast food
lot of conformity	AtLocation	society
weld school	AtLocation	any large city
old age	IsA	not for sissy
robin	AtLocation	lawn
robin	IsA	bird
seawater	IsA	cold than you expect
seawater	AtLocation	sea
peaceful person	IsA	one who life simply
science lab in	AtLocation	school
increase level of carbon dioxide	AtLocation	atmosphere
debt	IsA	when you owe someone money
gift in package	AtLocation	x-mas tree
something you find home	IsA	junk mail
end of flagpole	AtLocation	hole
kitten sleep	AtLocation	litter box
healthy person commute to work	AtLocation	bicycle
freedom of think	AtLocation	university
one instance of high technology	IsA	nuclear submarine
quill pen	AtLocation	hogwarts classroom
low pollute human	AtLocation	bicycle
plastic peanut	AtLocation	box
handshake	IsA	sign of friendship
average person	IsA	wage-slave
crook	AtLocation	police station
thing 1 and thing 2	AtLocation	box
award	AtLocation	wall
award	IsA	acknowledgement of achievement
award	IsA	medal
pagan	AtLocation	america
ornament	AtLocation	christmas tree
ornament	AtLocation	windowsill
voluntary simplicity	IsA	increasingly attractive lifestyle choice
crate	AtLocation	container ship
illustration	IsA	artist concept of event
wise human	AtLocation	bicycle
pacemaker	AtLocation	person
space suit	AtLocation	space capsule
space suit	AtLocation	space shuttle
spook	IsA	ghost
idealist	AtLocation	peace rally
picnic lunch	AtLocation	basket
brainwash	AtLocation	church
fishhook	AtLocation	bottom of river
march band	AtLocation	school
on sunday i	AtLocation	my chuch
fish worm	AtLocation	dirt
something you find scrapbook	IsA	memorabilia
coffe bean	AtLocation	brazil
water vapour	AtLocation	cloud
petrol tank	AtLocation	car
magizines	AtLocation	bookstore
your head	AtLocation	your ass
whisky	AtLocation	bar
calligraphy	IsA	art form
sea of tranquility	AtLocation	moon
cat cradle	IsA	child game
doe	IsA	female deer
godzilla	IsA	japanese monster
water lillie	AtLocation	pond
black key	AtLocation	piano
jukebox	AtLocation	bar
jukebox	AtLocation	cafe
melody	AtLocation	jukebox
anecdote	AtLocation	story
strategy	AtLocation	boardroom
strategy	IsA	war
tune	AtLocation	jukebox
quote	AtLocation	story
struggle	IsA	life
heaven gate	AtLocation	india
pedal	AtLocation	piano
white key	AtLocation	piano
fizz	AtLocation	soda
salt cellar	AtLocation	restaurant table
salt cellar	AtLocation	kitchen
something you find sweet	IsA	sugar
see something	IsA	perceive it with eye
pentium iii chip	AtLocation	computer stoe
ballgown	AtLocation	fashion show
crinoline	AtLocation	petticoat
hedge	AtLocation	backyard
gumballs	AtLocation	gumball dispenser
gumballs	IsA	candy
angelfish	AtLocation	aquarium
lingerie	AtLocation	department store
sampan	AtLocation	asia
hatpin	AtLocation	hat
ladle	AtLocation	kitchen
robin hood	AtLocation	sherwood forest
robin hood	IsA	good archer
chesse in base	AtLocation	pizza
guy look for pretty girl	AtLocation	bar
yabby	AtLocation	dam
religious person	AtLocation	emotional distress
share	IsA	social tradition
52 card in deck	AtLocation	play card
something you find entertain	IsA	something
many natural thing	IsA	fractal
kilt pin	IsA	very large safety pin
path	IsA	lane
106 bone	AtLocation	human hand
six string	AtLocation	guitar
sometimes probability	IsA	not relevent
some maize	IsA	poor than others
album cover title	AtLocation	edge
english person	IsA	conceited bastard even their lame monarch
french person	IsA	asshole
mother and their child	IsA	happy together
this room	IsA	build
only girl and homosexual	IsA	jewelry
shure	IsA	manufacturer of microphone
at restorant food	IsA	server
jungle	AtLocation	lion
jungle	AtLocation	monkey
jungle	AtLocation	snake
this canoe	AtLocation	water
this machine	IsA	move piece of sod
this machine	IsA	lift square of sod
those might	IsA	first edition book
these 5 person	AtLocation	family
hundred	AtLocation	satellite orbit earth
hundred	AtLocation	variety of cheese
this pool	IsA	beach
rotary phone	IsA	consider antique
rotary phone	IsA	primative
rotary phone	IsA	fashion statement
these two person	IsA	say good bye to each other
these two person	IsA	get marry
these two person	IsA	in love
beautiful landscape like this one	IsA	become
halloween	IsA	too far away
telivisions	AtLocation	color or black and white
many different way	AtLocation	make music
many different way	AtLocation	make cheese
sky scraper	IsA	build
sky scraper	IsA	tall build
pencil mark	IsA	easy to remove than pen mark
damn	AtLocation	hell
most nation	IsA	no long monarchy
automobile run	AtLocation	fuel generate by fossil
rotunda	IsA	neoclassical architecture
microphone amplify sound less when there	IsA	obstruction
many different specie	AtLocation	wildlife in north america
many different specie	AtLocation	duck
myopics	IsA	near-sighted
gender role	IsA	in transition
baby animal	IsA	small than adult animal
mistletoe	IsA	christmas tradition
beard	IsA	part of face
pool game	IsA	sport
blur	IsA	english band
cover of book	IsA	thick than each individual page
guy on far leave	IsA	loser
many of africa animal	IsA	become extinct
this photo	IsA	not
this pump	IsA	cast shadow
buddahism	IsA	major religion in east
80 hairstyle	IsA	pretty awlful
work lock	IsA	need key to open
legal paper	IsA	8.5 by 14 inch
hokey	IsA	a
air plane	IsA	fly machine
be behind eight ball	IsA	be in bad place
18 hole	AtLocation	golf
18 hole	AtLocation	golf course
many chamber	AtLocation	nautilus shell
nautilus shell	IsA	example of golden mean
many law	AtLocation	govern human behavior
cable car	IsA	all over world
cable car	IsA	public transportation in san francisco
household garbage	IsA	collect once week
similar item	IsA	store together
ultimate goal of life	IsA	survival through reproduction
goldie hawn	IsA	in fortune cookie
construction machine	IsA	paint bright color
toilet plunger	IsA	tool
duckling be yellow but duck	IsA	not
keyboard and mouse	IsA	input device for computer
clotheshangers	IsA	usually
ship cruise	IsA	something person do for recreation
some pet	IsA	consider dependent
my grand daughter	IsA	girl
kitttens grow up to	IsA	cat
turtes	IsA	slow mother fucker
my name	IsA	thore
my name	IsA	bob
hello my name	IsA	monica lewinsky
these woman	IsA	voyeur
behind this bookshelf	IsA	hide doorway
how much	IsA	that doggy in window
this man be strain because he	IsA	pussy
i be american and this	IsA	my flag
hard be to hat as wet	IsA	pussy
some of you person	IsA	little fruity
craftman tool	IsA	guarenteed for life
prick	IsA	another word for cock
oldsmobiles	IsA	shitty car
this car	IsA	family roadster
some pervert	IsA	spy on these geriatrics exercise
search for snow leopard	IsA	porno
lily of valley	IsA	flower
saxiphone	IsA	woodwind instrument
this bird	IsA	bird of prey
this bird	IsA	glide
crumple something	IsA	cause it to have wrinkle
mark with destination	IsA	address something
be feline	IsA	be catlike
most new technology	IsA	encase in plastic
pin tail duck	IsA	small than mallard duck
ice cream and apple pie	IsA	sweet treat
dog bone	IsA	small than dinosaur bone
dog bone	IsA	special treat for your dog
some hotel room	IsA	nice than others
big build	AtLocation	city
dark orange	IsA	color
grind wheat by hand	IsA	hard work
place setting	IsA	fancy at expensive restaurant
water sport	IsA	human recreation
australian rule rugby	IsA	physical sport
game of nine ball	IsA	actually
average gestation period for human	IsA	nine month
count crow	IsA	good band
count crow	IsA	serverly overrate band
chatter tooth	IsA	device
chatter tooth	IsA	novelty item
chatter tooth	IsA	comedy prop
chatter tooth	IsA	old comedic prop
joe demaggio	IsA	baseball legend
mount rainy	IsA	in washington state
hi	IsA	greet
cloroplasts	IsA	what make plant green
no emmisions law	AtLocation	speedboat in many state
sushi chef	IsA	consider artist
still area	AtLocation	wilderness
childrens toy	IsA	bright color
water bottle	IsA	for hot water
water bottle	AtLocation	drawer
water bottle	AtLocation	supermarket
male horse	IsA	big than female horse
us postal service	IsA	reliable agency
rockclimbing	IsA	dangerous sport
tsarevich alexis	IsA	hemophiliac
hopscotch and jack	IsA	two popular childrens game
most bird that soar or glide	IsA	raptor
once something happen it	AtLocation	past
object of backgammon	IsA	win
many country other	AtLocation	unite state of america
person shoot	IsA	aim high and to leave
operative part of see	IsA	it serrate edge
most fun about tv	IsA	get tool and take it apart
smoke pipe	IsA	traditionally for men to do
tire iron	IsA	lever
this pig	IsA	bank
unused idea	IsA	unlit bulb
bone to chew on	IsA	what dog like best
te city of paris	IsA	in france
antiqeus	IsA	old thing
monarch role	IsA	at odds with modern society
raw material	IsA	necesary for build
one day	IsA	twenty-four hour
choke chicken	IsA	metaphore for masturbate
choke chicken	IsA	euphamism for mastrubation
choke chicken	IsA	expression refer to male masturbation
choke chicken	IsA	slang term for masturbate
make music with our voice	IsA	something person share withother animal
abow	IsA	knot
uniform weight and measure	IsA	hallmark of civilization
school buss	IsA	yello
school buss	IsA	ussualy yellow
job of childhood	IsA	learn by play
stadium socialism	IsA	part of modern american politics
adjustable spanner	IsA	call crescent wrench
book be	IsA	repository of knowledge
share meal	IsA	one way person bond in group
share meal	IsA	vitally important human activity
barbie and ken	IsA	american icon
music make by violine	IsA	one of life great pleasure
mechanical typewriter	IsA	antique
ride to school on bus	IsA	necessary part of childhood
paddeling canoe	IsA	good exercise
nature bounty	IsA	mankind great benifit
without accurate clock modern live	IsA	impossable
peace and tranquility	IsA	goal common to all person
flat map	IsA	earth image distort
lady justice	IsA	often
home decor	IsA	matter of personal taste
bagel and creame cheese	IsA	tasty combination
good cup of coffee	IsA	on of life small pleasure
winter sport	IsA	popular recreation
jewlery display	IsA	expression of status
pet cat and cut flower	IsA	luxury of modern live
abundance of nature	IsA	call cornucopia
make uniform thread	IsA	milestone in human history
chew bone	IsA	dog favorite pastime
yoyos	IsA	simple toy
what	IsA	dare science become common sport
what	IsA	say be not always
what	IsA	this foreign stuff
what	IsA	that stick use for
what	IsA	your purpose
what	IsA	that
game of table tennis	IsA	call ping pong
modern life	IsA	impossable without telephone
dine	IsA	group social skill
dine	IsA	ritualistic
sport trophy	IsA	artifact of human culture
taste of swiss cheese	IsA	one of life small pleasure
rural mail box	IsA	american icon
ice hockey player	IsA	well pay professional athlete
class difference	IsA	mostly
serve aboard submarine	IsA	one of life great adventure
art and design	IsA	everywhere
horse breed	IsA	critical stage in cultural evolution
nuclear family	IsA	basic unit of tribe
pitch horseshoe	IsA	game of skill
prophecy	IsA	not really
nut and bolt technology	IsA	large part of modern life
human believe reproduction	IsA	moral imperitive
for most american work	IsA	primary activity of day
incandescent lamp	IsA	wastful of electricity
u2	IsA	pop band
u2	IsA	from ireland
u2	IsA	band
kneel	IsA	form of supplication
the	IsA	s certain chemistry between some person
the	IsA	live room
many different view	AtLocation	same subject
game of jack	IsA	considerred girl game
game of jack	IsA	usually
decorate spine	IsA	hallmark of old book
game of dart	IsA	most popularly
constant cough	IsA	one sign of sickness
shaling hand	IsA	form of greet
to	IsA	transpot fast than by walk
to	IsA	secretary with many file
to	IsA	transport fast than by walk
key on typewriter keyboard	IsA	not in alphabetical order
sometimes win	IsA	pain
wind through your hair	IsA	great feel of freedom
first kiss	IsA	like nothing else
bang horse	IsA	crime
phone soliciters	IsA	goddamn fuck annoy
slamanders	IsA	specie of reptile
many different media	AtLocation	record information
high mountain	IsA	snow cover
communication	IsA	speed up
communication	IsA	mankind great development
communication	IsA	sign of intelligence
human child	IsA	small than human adult
for human pheromone	IsA	subliminal form of communication
professional sport	IsA	not play it be work
professional sport	IsA	tribal ritual
human infirmity	IsA	source of humor
many different animal specie	AtLocation	africa
matrix	IsA	kosher movie
here	IsA	my
here	IsA	two adult human and one child
here	IsA	some glove
here	IsA	cityscape with many skycrapers
here	IsA	stack row of hardbound book
here	IsA	see with wooden handle
here	IsA	wad up piece of paper
here	IsA	chiaroscuro close-up of ear
here	IsA	electric fan
on average men	IsA	tall than woman
movement	IsA	life
many shade	AtLocation	one color
many shade	AtLocation	blue
pump put air	AtLocation	object such as tire and ball
joe dimaggio	IsA	baseball player
go downhill	IsA	easy than go uphill
one way to learn	IsA	watch
ball itself	IsA	not good or bad luck
give	AtLocation	very simple or very ritualistic
not all comfort and solitude	IsA	function of our external environment
percieved fertility	IsA	often
this have to	IsA	computer generate
perform for audience	IsA	difficult if you suffer from stagefright
chill pear	IsA	delicious fruit
bridge at sunset	IsA	favorite subject for picture
imagine	IsA	song by john lennon
michaelangelo	IsA	renaissance man
foot long hot dog	IsA	not 12 inch
medicine first rule	IsA	do no harm
mass	IsA	constant weight vary
mass	AtLocation	church
fire ant	IsA	pest
prairie-dog	IsA	small hive-based rodent that tunnel
toy jack	IsA	small object
if it bathtime it	IsA	ernie
write in library book	IsA	deface public property
monotreme	IsA	mammels who lie egg
capital dome	IsA	in washington d.c
warm air	IsA	light than cold air
several type	AtLocation	horse
saxaphones	IsA	use instrument for jazz music
saxaphones	IsA	musical instrument
trail in wooded area	IsA	tree line
label	IsA	hurtful to open mind
label	IsA	tag
some form of entertainment	IsA	mystify
new yorkers	IsA	rude but they make good bagel
thirteen card	AtLocation	suit
some concept	IsA	more easily
when no breeze	IsA	blow flag hang down
whisper	IsA	talk softly
only virgin	IsA	wear white wed gown
bascketball	IsA	game
average penis	IsA	4 inch long
small child	IsA	bane to defenseless animal
small child	IsA	short than adult
no professional basketball team	AtLocation	northcarolina
new cleat	IsA	buy every other game
schwinn	IsA	one maker of bicycle
it function	IsA	tidy hair
sykling	IsA	way of life
floopy disc	IsA	virtual cellar
1920s	IsA	age of industry
horse leg	IsA	long so
small island	IsA	top of coral reef
compress spring	IsA	one way to store energy
many artisan	IsA	not pay fairly for their work
young girl	IsA	hold her pet puppy dog
young girl	IsA	hold puppy
theme park	IsA	lot of fun
palm heart	IsA	food
average age of human	IsA	some where near 70 year
horsejumping	IsA	sport
king and queen	IsA	outdated form of government
study for exam	IsA	easy in group
around sunset	IsA	good time to catch fish
christopher reeve	IsA	disable jump horse
christopher reeve	IsA	paralyse
no tornado	AtLocation	netherlands
tour de france	IsA	bicycle race
bicycle or bike	IsA	mode of transport
eiffel tower of paris	IsA	tourist attraction
my honeymoon	IsA	in fiji
ice cream and pie	IsA	both dessert
ice cream and pie	IsA	eat together
warmth	AtLocation	oven
place where ocean meet land	IsA	shoreline
round table	IsA	table
rollercoasters be fun unless you	IsA	pansy
famlies	IsA	waste of time
will	IsA	reason person get kill
tropical resort	IsA	good place to get mug
personaly floatation device	IsA	ovverrated
personal floatation device	IsA	like big life saver
lot	AtLocation	rectangle on that build
lot	AtLocation	tree
lot	AtLocation	technology company in silicon valley
lot	AtLocation	animal on earth
lot	AtLocation	black person in africa
lot	AtLocation	brand of clean supply
lot	AtLocation	game that be play with card
lot	AtLocation	different kind of fruit
lot	AtLocation	wild cat in africa
lot	AtLocation	country in africa
lot	AtLocation	monumental build throughout world
lot	AtLocation	person live in big city
lot	AtLocation	green leave
those person	IsA	get marry
best time	AtLocation	no time
pink pearl eraser	IsA	most effective eraser
begin	IsA	everything
some wine and champagne	IsA	best when chill
various type	AtLocation	animal find in africa
tree and grass	AtLocation	park
cemetaries	IsA	place of sadness
mountain often	IsA	snow-covered all year round
7 main color	AtLocation	rainbow
run jog	IsA	good way to help stay healthy
sometimes bun	IsA	long than hot dog
athlete who win	IsA	often
sometimes hot dog	IsA	long than bun
ceramic pot	IsA	strong than glass pot
trolleyys	IsA	form of public transportation
suspension bridge	IsA	man make thing of beauty
bookbinding	IsA	profession
vietnam war	IsA	unpopular war
woman woman	AtLocation	talk eat
prime time television	IsA	three-hour block in even
different type of ball	AtLocation	different game
wed pistures	IsA	often
when sun set	IsA	change color of sky
apple pie with ice cream	IsA	la mode
apple pie with ice cream	IsA	tasty dessert
apple pie with ice cream	IsA	favorite dessert
apple pie with ice cream	IsA	dessert
this bed	AtLocation	small space
mercator projection	IsA	not to scale
in britain dummy	IsA	another word for pacifier
english mustard	IsA	hot than american mustard
royalty	IsA	ordinary human be
royalty	IsA	subjective state of mind
royalty	IsA	king
royalty	IsA	prince
mustache	IsA	hair under man nose
if wish	IsA	horse beggers would ride
fruit be close mountain	IsA	far away
seven on first roll	IsA	winner
love boat	IsA	television comedy
love boat	IsA	popular tv show
love boat	IsA	silly tv show
hot pie and cold ice cream	IsA	satisfactory combination
medels	IsA	for good deed
flower will die if they	IsA	not water regularly
in house there	IsA	room call live room
reflection in water	IsA	upsidedown
screen be wide than it	IsA	hight
man tie	IsA	untie make him appear relax
harvest vegetable	IsA	often
beauty of nature	IsA	give human tremendous pleasure
some physical movement	IsA	consider pleasureable
when walk in wood you	IsA	sorounded by life
what seem to be love	IsA	not always love
this boy	IsA	have birthday
many diffrent kind	AtLocation	fruit
bullseye in dart	IsA	worth 50 point
rock and boulder	AtLocation	ocean
chalk and blackboard	IsA	kind of teach device
break fan	IsA	no good on hot day
penquines	IsA	good swimmer
time may	IsA	run out
time may	IsA	consider space in
beach house	IsA	find bear beach
color baloons	IsA	not nice when they crash
rebellion	IsA	wonderful thing for youth
this be tank it	IsA	movealbe weapon
most house	IsA	one and four story high
grassland	IsA	home to many animal
good home	IsA	where person feel safe
time clock of heart	IsA	song
one of best television show	IsA	star trek
swim pool and ocean	IsA	both body of water
pointillism	IsA	form of art
large yellow automobile	IsA	school bus
diagram	IsA	tool for explain and understand structure
diagram	IsA	picture
part	IsA	part
part	IsA	piece of something
pie la mode	IsA	delicios dessert
pie la mode	IsA	pie
pie la mode	IsA	pie with ice cream on top
pie la mode	IsA	pie with icecream
she	IsA	sleep with his eye open
she	IsA	his future ex-wife
she	IsA	queen
she	IsA	say goodbye
football in france	IsA	soccer
ducky	IsA	think of as rubber
yellow red green blue and purple	IsA	color
bach mozart and beethoven	IsA	great musician
leonard bernstein	IsA	great american musician
sculpture paint and photography	IsA	visual fine art
chicken duck and goose	IsA	poultry
original frisbee	IsA	pan
some religion say that gamble	IsA	sin
henri magritte	IsA	belgian painter
many city	IsA	near ocean
peace symbol	IsA	sign of passiveism
mont blanc fountain pen	IsA	overprice and poorly construct
backgammon and chess	IsA	board game
diameter of circle	IsA	it radius
starch and sugar	IsA	both carbohydrate
balloon go up because they	IsA	light than air
latex rubber	IsA	tree sap
oh my god i	IsA	gon na hurl
cincinnati red fan	IsA	idiot
only four ace in deck	AtLocation	card
saxephones	IsA	instrument
satillites	IsA	in space
blue star	IsA	hot than red star
william shakespeare	IsA	playwright
cross country ski	IsA	very hard exercise
male bird	IsA	colour more brilliantly than female bird
glass with ultraviolet protection	IsA	safe to wear
race-horses	IsA	give steroid
many taxi	AtLocation	new york
funny face	IsA	joke
this bridge	IsA	over water face west
cursive and print	IsA	two style of handwrite
fruit and vegetable	IsA	healthy food
fruit and vegetable	IsA	good source of vitamin and mineral
fruit and vegetable	IsA	nutricious food
fruit and vegetable	IsA	often
when carpet	IsA	dirty you must clean them
many different way to put furniture	AtLocation	room
person in scandinavia on average	IsA	tall than person in italy
moss and fern	IsA	primitive plant
stravinsky rite of spring	IsA	first
salt we eat	IsA	sodium chloride
yo-yo ma	IsA	cellist
many island	AtLocation	croatian coast
nikola tesla	IsA	great inventor
queen elizabeth ii	IsA	small woman
vinaigrette	IsA	emulsion
different kind	AtLocation	family
different kind	AtLocation	chair
many bridge	AtLocation	paris
many crater	AtLocation	moon
ginkgo	IsA	live fossil
this hockey player	IsA	wear helmet
when	IsA	cold you need heat
uncle sam	IsA	watch you
bhuddism	IsA	not for everyone
hide danger	AtLocation	water
car stereo	IsA	good entertainment for long drive
champenge	IsA	alcoholic drink
tomahawk	IsA	american indian weapon
nationalism	IsA	mean of human identity
some specular reflection con	IsA	anisotropic
golden mean	IsA	ratio
plant produce seed that	IsA	atractive to animal
b-17 bomber	IsA	plane that drop explosive
sashimi	IsA	raw fish
boat sail	IsA	wing
big ship	IsA	like small city on water
big ship	AtLocation	water
you travel slow when there	IsA	lot of traffic
chiken	IsA	meet
on dartboard number 20	AtLocation	top
steer whell in car	AtLocation	right or leave
twenty penny	IsA	heavy than twenty feather
four ocean	AtLocation	earth
celeberties	IsA	spokespeople for charity
this woman	AtLocation	doctor
this woman	IsA	paddle canoe
this woman	IsA	have agreat time
this woman	AtLocation	dangerous position
this woman	IsA	queen elizabeth ii of england
jax and ball	IsA	child game
binky	IsA	another word for pacifier
manual typewriter	IsA	usually
beauty of jewelry	IsA	opinion of each individual
rose bud	IsA	baby rose
mountain and lake	IsA	serene place
some small animal	IsA	lightning fast
acceleration of gravity	IsA	9.81 meter per second square
statute of liberity	IsA	in new york city
harbor	AtLocation	boat
moutain lion	IsA	call puma or cougar
telegraph	IsA	comunication system
large dog	IsA	watch something outside of car
cola beverage	IsA	often
custom	IsA	governmental agency
all book	IsA	not of same hieght
dope addict	IsA	like human garbage
this image	IsA	turn 90 degree to leave
this image	IsA	film
that	IsA	magnify glass
that	IsA	blank cd
that	IsA	adam duritz from count crow
that	IsA	one expensive fish
that	IsA	old fan
that	IsA	why person post message
that	IsA	what
race	IsA	not always
race	IsA	marathon
cosmetic	IsA	make you beautiful
cosmetic	IsA	very profitable industry
cosmetic	IsA	lipstick
small bird	IsA	sit on spruce tree
small bird	IsA	sit on snow-covered evergreen branch
single rose	IsA	romantic gift
alpine ski	IsA	recreational sport
hangover	IsA	not worth drink
hangover	IsA	suffer
good world	AtLocation	this
no thorn	AtLocation	this rose
more beautiful place	AtLocation	memphis tennessee
botany	IsA	branch of biology
red car	IsA	ticket magnet
peace and love	IsA	what most person seek in life
horse and other animal	IsA	often
old tv	IsA	blaack and white
family portrait	IsA	nice memory
some toy	IsA	funny joke
when animal	IsA	cut it bleed
minute hand of clock	IsA	long than hour hand
many different kind	AtLocation	plant
many different kind	AtLocation	turtle
many different kind	AtLocation	pitch
cigarrettes	AtLocation	hand
large build	IsA	usually
firetrucks	IsA	big than regular car
human ear	IsA	mostly cartilage
many gay men	IsA	actor
sean p-diddy comb	IsA	rapper
some family	IsA	more attrative than others
mitten warm your hand when you	AtLocation	cold
write utensil for board	IsA	chalk
pressure	IsA	force
black beauty	IsA	novel in
american bald eagle	IsA	rare bird
rocky mountain	IsA	in unite state
one of seven continent	IsA	africa
sport polo	IsA	british sport
this object	IsA	magnify glass
this object	IsA	typewriter
these egg	IsA	not real or hollow out
this tornado	IsA	destroy property
these holstein cow	IsA	usually
choke your chicken	IsA	term for masturbate
fruit contain fructose which	IsA	sugar
kid and puppy	IsA	lot alike
build open dome	IsA	major architectural advance
pink and purple	IsA	color
ansel adam	IsA	photographer before he die
nautiloid	IsA	chamber animal
nautiloid	IsA	cephalopod
cartoon island	IsA	make believe
car wheel	AtLocation	car show
some drink	IsA	best vold
two different type	AtLocation	human female and male
this may	IsA	decoy
this may	IsA	pencil eraser
hindsight	IsA	20 20
object of golf	IsA	ruin scenery
three point shoot in basketball	IsA	worth 8 point
many type of person	AtLocation	world
pipesmokers	IsA	consider smart than most person
downhill skier	IsA	risk-takers
black men	IsA	superior athlete
black men	IsA	good basketball player than white men
it call golf because shit	IsA	take
war and weapon	IsA	symbol of insecure society
pie top with ice cream	IsA	la mode
most basketball player	IsA	vey tall
most basketball player	IsA	black person
many kind of fruit	AtLocation	this picture
fish in bowl	IsA	go nowhere
houseclean	IsA	woman work
rubber ball	IsA	bouncy and be
turquoise	IsA	gem stone
turquoise	IsA	rock
lot of different type	AtLocation	grass
natural curiosity	IsA	many discovery
highway help us get where we	IsA	go fast
too many hair care product	AtLocation	world today
in city house	IsA	close together
tobacco product	IsA	bad for you health
house of this style	IsA	representation of period in itself
english western and bareback	IsA	all type of horseback ride
pet leave unattended in car	IsA	at risk for heatstroke
every animal	IsA	specie of animal
big house	IsA	call mansion
find mutual interest help person	IsA	friend
prarie dog	IsA	not dog
bycycles	IsA	small than car
bycycles	IsA	for transportation
match color	IsA	please tot he eye
sweetcorn	IsA	vegetable
this guy	IsA	write
this guy	IsA	weird-looking
this guy	IsA	use forklift to carry sod
this guy	IsA	fight kung-fu
this guy	IsA	hit baseball
this guy	IsA	scale wall
this guy	IsA	lay down grass
many large build	IsA	phallic in appearance
disk carry information that	IsA	read use specific equipment
catherine havasi	IsA	person
catherine havasi	AtLocation	school
catherine havasi	AtLocation	office
catherine havasi	IsA	6 foot tall
catherine havasi	IsA	mit student
catherine havasi	IsA	originally from murrysville pennsylvania
music soothe savage beast	IsA	famous say
siluete	IsA	dark object
small penis ever record	IsA	1.5 inch errect
small penis ever record	IsA	1.5 inch
mexican	IsA	bad person
some person childhood	IsA	not plesant
down comforter	IsA	warm than other kind
attractiveness	IsA	not entirely
go barefoot	IsA	become luxury
significant build	IsA	easly see
table tennis bat	IsA	sometimes
rain fall when it	IsA	stromy
frame with no picture	IsA	no artistic value
infinite number	AtLocation	other place in universe
key to not develop cancer	IsA	healthy lifestyle
willy wonka and chocolate factory	IsA	fun movie
ne	IsA	protect egg
grouch marx	IsA	comic
this statue	IsA	of copper not brass or bronze
many culture	AtLocation	earth
jpeg image	IsA	lossy
value of pi	IsA	approximately 22 7
tile floor	IsA	cold than floor
these two horse	IsA	give each other love
benny hill	IsA	funny tv show
2001	IsA	great film
jasper john	IsA	shitty artist
beatles	IsA	british band
this plane	IsA	unite state air force
this plane	IsA	old because it have propellor
jetty	IsA	groin
person use typewriter before there	IsA	personal computer
this picture	IsA	large than real life
this picture	IsA	inside of attractive home
this picture	IsA	slide show
this picture	IsA	take laboratory
this picture	IsA	fuck retard
this picture	IsA	blue umbrella
this picture	AtLocation	three dimensional space
this picture	IsA	bagel with cream cheese
this picture	IsA	old fashion black telephone
this picture	IsA	human hand hold
this picture	IsA	sushi
this picture	IsA	by bob galbraith
image	IsA	result of electron be
985003	IsA	number
horse cock	IsA	large
let smile	IsA	your umbrella
plumber friend	IsA	my friend too
dryer	IsA	dry clothe
jack knife	IsA	useful thing to carry
jack knife	IsA	useful tool
horse don know if they	IsA	come or go
suchi	IsA	raw meat
hank aaron	IsA	great baseball player
tennessee walk horse	IsA	treat inhumanly
fedora	IsA	hat
when air	IsA	heat it rise
when air	IsA	compress it take up less volume
treble clef	IsA	call g clef
long sleeve	IsA	wear when it be cold
vanilla icecream and apple pie	IsA	good together
cub	IsA	chicago-based baseball team
game basketball	IsA	very popular draw large audience
some say that that dog	IsA	man best friend
lioness	IsA	female lion
mph	IsA	abbreviation for mile per hour
ice-cream	IsA	often
african	IsA	in general poor
african	IsA	continent
umbrella be use outside when it	IsA	rain
these men	IsA	play game of basketball
two friend	IsA	watch show on tv
rider and horse	IsA	get ready for ride game
these actor	IsA	tell story on stage
these be trophy and	IsA	reward for win game
when flower	IsA	cut they die
oh i wish i	IsA	oscar mayer weiner
men in overall	IsA	good tire changer
temperature	IsA	cold at high elevation
temperature	IsA	cool in shade
frame place	AtLocation	picture
six digit	AtLocation	this ticket stub
soda machine	IsA	equipt with refridgeration device
water in swim pool	IsA	clean than ocean water
water in swim pool	IsA	chlorinate
early boat	IsA	hollowed-out tree trunk
not all lizard	IsA	slimey
viper	IsA	pretty car
bagel and cream cheese	IsA	good together
catroons	IsA	simple picture
speech	AtLocation	city
catoons	IsA	simple picture
many national forest	AtLocation	usa
universal studio	IsA	lot of fun
pineapple juice	IsA	acidic
basket ball game	IsA	generally high score
childeren	IsA	small than adulds
childeren	IsA	small than adult
perfect wed	IsA	stereotype
bucket car seat	IsA	more popluar than decade ago
computer with window	IsA	slow than macintosh computer
not every family	IsA	average
pipe tobacco	IsA	fragrent
some roof	IsA	more energy efficient than others
some sub	IsA	not for eat
japanese term for flower arrange	IsA	ikebana
humaans	IsA	insignificant
when it	IsA	cold i wear glove
when it	IsA	cold outside you should dress warmly
stupid person	AtLocation	small world
stupid person	AtLocation	new jersey
music and graphic	IsA	creative art
life boat	IsA	fixture on ship
jewery	IsA	source of wealth
respect for flag	IsA	once
pampas grass plume	AtLocation	green vase
three men	IsA	exit hatch of submarine
three men	IsA	hike across bridge
real duck	IsA	good too eat
real duck	IsA	often
real duck	AtLocation	pond
three lamp	AtLocation	this room
wool glove	IsA	warm than unlined leather glove
woman and child	IsA	bear foot
not many monarch leave	AtLocation	world
machnes	IsA	for exercise
this football player	IsA	expericing forward motion
this corn	IsA	inproperly fertlized
early movie	IsA	on film
boy and girl	IsA	make something
boy and girl	IsA	sit watch television
hocky player	IsA	fix to strike puck
this submarine	IsA	in bosphorus istanbul
eight red rosebud	AtLocation	basket
28 person	AtLocation	coaster
fine food	IsA	specialty of house
two dice	AtLocation	case
morgan horse	IsA	special breed
they be human beings.this	IsA	family
rough surface	IsA	easy to hold on to
horse hoof	IsA	like human fingernail
sometimes truth	IsA	more unbelieveable than lie
yellow ribbon indicate that someone	IsA	be welcome back home
brightly color thing	IsA	easy to see
skyscarapers	IsA	very tall build
low table	IsA	good place for sex
interior design	IsA	big business
laundry	IsA	necessity
screw and bolt	IsA	fastners
unbrellas	IsA	waterproof
person think that clenlieness	IsA	godlieness
fruit of loom	IsA	brand of clothe
jeff koons	IsA	american artist
good quality pen	IsA	pleasure
most person who wear cowboy boot	IsA	not real cowboy
clack tooth	IsA	gag item
soother	IsA	call pacifier
many vertical line	AtLocation	skyline of modern city
san fransisco	IsA	city in california
3.5 inch floppy disk	IsA	become obsolete
this dartboard	IsA	tilt 90 degree to leave
this dartboard	IsA	turn 90 degree to leave
my girlfriend ear	IsA	miss small piece
robin egg blue	IsA	very light shade of blue
overall	IsA	clothe
refractive index of glass	IsA	high than that of air
study group	IsA	co-ed
when balloon	IsA	prick they burst
fteel-string guitar	IsA	for folk music and blue
ostentation	IsA	affliction of affluent
large expensive house	IsA	often call mansion
african savannah	IsA	home to many wild animal
not everyone	IsA	leader
mountain peak	AtLocation	top of mountain
snow-covered mountaintops	IsA	popular subject for outdoor photography
sofa armchair and coffee table	IsA	example of live room furniture
many person think that horse	IsA	magnificent animal
many contest involve person	AtLocation	horseback
water and vodka	IsA	example of clear liquid
nautilus	IsA	ancient specie of shellfish
nautilus	IsA	symetric
major constituent of bone	IsA	calcium
no penguin	AtLocation	north pole
many form	AtLocation	lightning
many form	AtLocation	dance
many form	AtLocation	life
small kitten	AtLocation	brown surface look down
pear in basket	IsA	not on grind
human move fast when they	AtLocation	bike
in titanic disaster there	IsA	not enough life saver
root worm	IsA	insect
baby human	IsA	small than adult human
rollar coaster	IsA	ride in amusement park
rollar coaster	IsA	take your life
america cup	IsA	famous sail race
america cup	IsA	yacht race
moon gravity	IsA	one sixth earth gravity
person hire guide when they	IsA	travel
in music there	IsA	musical scale
sociopetal	IsA	furniture arrangement urge communication
some hard plastic	IsA	good reflector
mathematical function tangent	IsA	abstract concept
abstract concept	IsA	not physical object
computer application	IsA	man-made object
some real thing	IsA	not physical object
ceramic	IsA	art form
all weading photo	IsA	in garden
20 20	IsA	expression suggest perfect vision
hot water bottle in winter	IsA	good idea
not many plant	AtLocation	you can smoke
person use sailboat before there	IsA	power boat
this group of person	AtLocation	dinner party
small hourglass	IsA	call eggtimer
protect child	IsA	very popular human meme
globalization of human society	IsA	occur at accelerate rate
those	IsA	antique
those	IsA	plastic tooth
carl lewis	IsA	amaze track athelete
beanie cap	IsA	for dork
some atheletes	IsA	sprinter
breakdown	IsA	movie star kurt russell
green colour in plant	IsA	chlorophyl
fop	IsA	men who enjoy extravagance
gilligan island	IsA	tv show in 1960s
groovy	IsA	archaic expression to denote satisfaction
celebration	IsA	time mark event
be lose as darkness	IsA	approach
graceful carve	IsA	nice handiwork
this would	IsA	beautiful place for relaxation
large number	AtLocation	corn variety available for grow
kentucky thoroughbred	IsA	fine horse
eskimo	IsA	inuit
how much fun kid	AtLocation	that age
modern electronic item	IsA	become small
fall autumn leave	IsA	noisy when you walk on them
one type of fruit	IsA	apple
red october	IsA	good movie
this form of phone	IsA	very rare today
peace mean that there	IsA	no conflict
predator and prey	AtLocation	world of animal
person brain	AtLocation	his head
all picture	IsA	not clear picture
jpeg compression	IsA	lossy
when we	IsA	happy we be with friend
when we	IsA	bore we get sleepy
us enterprise	IsA	fictional ship from star trek
kid party	IsA	fru-fru
back of cd	IsA	mirror with rainbow
wide open space	IsA	disappear in world
population bomb	IsA	leave more person homeless and destitute
human memory	IsA	not well
past	IsA	important source of knowledge
weight	IsA	measure of mass
weight	IsA	function of gravity
weight	IsA	measure use scale
get pine in wrestle match	IsA	6 point
if it	IsA	cold enough water turn to ice
if it	IsA	rain bring umbrella
if it	IsA	vicous and without mercy
hansome	IsA	as hansome doe
symbiosis	IsA	two different specie live together
much of world	IsA	uncultivated
generation	IsA	often in conflict
nature colonize anywhere there	IsA	food
tom green	IsA	fuck asshole
adolf hitler	IsA	military genius
adolf hitler	IsA	very nutty man
many many different kind	AtLocation	fish
not all political leader	IsA	good person
whoa this guy	IsA	dead or something
eye wide shut	IsA	direct by stanley kubrick
both desert and rain forest	AtLocation	africa
science fiction from yesterday will	IsA	science tomorrow
tongue depressor	AtLocation	doctor
bold new idea	IsA	often
tea time	IsA	tradition in britian
last floor of build	IsA	always high than first
these car seat	IsA	two-toned
all sphere	IsA	ball not all ball be sphere
duck think decoy	IsA	other duck
firearm	IsA	dangerous weapon
firearm	AtLocation	cabinet
cup of capuccino	IsA	suitable drink for breakfast
cup of capuccino	IsA	sit on table
rene magritte	IsA	famous painter
rene magritte	IsA	famous surrealist painter
john mccain while somewhat crazy	IsA	great american
young animal	IsA	clumsy than adult animal
stock	IsA	share of company
stock	AtLocation	market
personal save bank	IsA	model on pig
multiple office	IsA	in build
all hockey player	IsA	human be
billards	IsA	game
if person	IsA	tire they go too bed
if person	IsA	sick they go to doctor
george washington picture	AtLocation	one dollar bill
something that	IsA	no long move
cassette	IsA	call tape
starbucks	IsA	coffee store
object that be wet	IsA	heavy than object
all human baby	IsA	small than their parent
not all female	IsA	bride
more than one dog	IsA	dog
space station	IsA	big than fork
space station	AtLocation	space
antigues	IsA	old object
both male	AtLocation	female horse
all freshman	IsA	student
person eye	IsA	different color
reflection of electromagnetic ray	IsA	characteristic of water
coal burn train	IsA	thing of past
flag tell postman there	IsA	letter to pick up
blacksmith	IsA	someone who make horseshoe
when boat speed	AtLocation	water they create wake
roll seven	IsA	good when you play crap
grean leave	IsA	for smaoking
many way to keep address	AtLocation	order
health club membership	IsA	not use frequently
catwoman	IsA	very sexy villainess
high elevate area	IsA	generally cool than low elevate area
good basketball player	IsA	good jumper
race car driver	IsA	parent
sharp blade	IsA	safe than dull blade
more	AtLocation	thirty-five distinctive evolutionary path for eye
stickpin	IsA	close relative of thumbtack
ernie and bert	IsA	beloved character on television show
ernie and bert	IsA	muppet character on sesame street
more planet	AtLocation	mind imago
hose jump	IsA	aspport
buldings	IsA	strong in past
american food	IsA	dangerous food
most marriage	IsA	one man and one woman
three dimensional object	IsA	accurately
pocketwatches	IsA	nide
person who study star	IsA	astronomer
spaner	IsA	tool
lot of different kind	AtLocation	cheese
lot of different kind	AtLocation	animal
00	IsA	very small screwdriver
ther	IsA	beauty in architecture
ther	IsA	differnt brand of car
style	IsA	artform
vilions	IsA	for dork
much of life	IsA	pre-packaged and hopeful
another name for cougar	IsA	mountain lion
blurry picture mean something in them	IsA	in motion
curly hair	IsA	very tangly and hard to comb
palm tree grow where it	IsA	warm all year
ball on your head	IsA	worth two in hand
pocket-knife	IsA	another name for penknife
pople find it beautiful when it	IsA	get dark
pople find it beatiful when it	IsA	get dark
one cannot ski if there	IsA	no snow
sunrise and sunset	IsA	beautiful work of god
petroleum dependence	IsA	destroy environment
film strip	IsA	become outdated
treble cleff	IsA	musical notation
billion of star	AtLocation	universe
golden delicious apple	IsA	popular fruit
apple pie ala mode	IsA	dessert
in space you	AtLocation	free fall
this dart board	IsA	not position correctly
these 2 child	IsA	play basketball
sound of nature	IsA	music
sandy beach	IsA	water
animal life	IsA	carbon base
big turtle	AtLocation	galapagos
wether you	IsA	optimist or pessimest
peguins look like they	IsA	wear tuxedo
many different style	AtLocation	music
many different style	AtLocation	bicycle
many different style	AtLocation	bicycle to ride on
william wallace	IsA	from scotland
staple practice of eastern religion	IsA	meditation
herbivore	IsA	cow
herbivore	IsA	horse
wooden and metal frame	IsA	often
human be mammal bird	IsA	not mammal
different type and color	AtLocation	sand
fifty star	AtLocation	american flag
guy	IsA	sing song with microphone
guy	IsA	hit ball
guy	AtLocation	jury
some colorful balloon flow	AtLocation	air
these girl	IsA	virgin
whom	IsA	he write
animal fur	AtLocation	outside of it skin
person two hand	IsA	not identical but mirror-images
paddle boat	IsA	intend to make it move
one of first time instrument	IsA	hourglass
air travel	IsA	fast than grind travel
something will balance when there	IsA	equal torque on both side
walk in wet sand	IsA	hard work
bus park	IsA	dull place to hang around
free music on internet	IsA	good1\
be from shoes	IsA	use in west
be you	IsA	fat or sport you use this
dildo and vibrator	IsA	subsitutes for penis
pint	IsA	unit of measure for volume
computer technology	IsA	progress very quickly
computer technology	IsA	change every day
my house	IsA	dump
my house	IsA	dark probably because it nighttime
this be good invention	IsA	good time waster
once flower	IsA	pick it will die
once flower	IsA	cut they do not last very long
leg muscle	IsA	strong than arm muscle
violon	IsA	use in orchestra
telephone ring whenever someone	IsA	call you
no person	AtLocation	this tropical island
these child look like they	IsA	put on play
hourglass remind us that time	IsA	run out
galopagos island	IsA	home to giant land turtle
first man on moon	IsA	neil armstrong
ramp	IsA	exit off highway
another definition for baby	IsA	young human
more right hand person	AtLocation	leave hand person
light object	IsA	easy to see than dark one
alarm clock remind person when it	IsA	time to wake up
coloration	IsA	specie specific but random
mountain ion	IsA	cat
ice cream on hot pie	IsA	la mode
death of love one	IsA	mourn
soccer game	IsA	fast game
audi wagon	IsA	very dependable car
lion king	IsA	good movie
pumpkin pie and pecan pie	IsA	traditionally
important part of architecture	IsA	make thing please to eye
five human	IsA	pose for photograph
5 serve of fruit per day	IsA	need for good health
all	IsA	impermanent
multiple type	AtLocation	fruit in fruit salad
heroism	IsA	award reward
human be baby before they	IsA	adult
backgammon like life	IsA	game of chance and strategy
picture of something	IsA	different fron something
many trick you can do	AtLocation	yoyo
exercise machine	IsA	use strengthen muscle
in small community firefighter	IsA	often volunteer
giraffe hide	IsA	one inch in width
giraffe hide	IsA	one inch thick
fieros	IsA	big heap of shit
science teach us that world	IsA	shapped
this trophy	IsA	extension of penis
crack cocane	IsA	fun drug
golden gate penis	IsA	in san francisco
jump of build	IsA	fun too
hot soup	IsA	best when
suhi	IsA	raw fish
could	IsA	eyeball at first glance
household cat	IsA	close relative to this specie
pepsi and coke	IsA	both cola
when asparagus	IsA	cook it turn limp
nature be mother god	IsA	father
glass pig	IsA	not live thing
skyscraper in spanish	IsA	rascacielo
ability to read music	IsA	learn skill
wooden duck decoy	IsA	often work of art
lizard and salamander	IsA	type of reptile
more girl who own horse	AtLocation	boy
this apple juice	IsA	not on fire
goal of basket-ball	IsA	basket
median	IsA	area between two road
split wood	IsA	arduous work
lottery ticket	IsA	bad investment
koi goldfish	IsA	often
bus system	IsA	form of mass transit
many weed	AtLocation	poorly maintain lawn
construction worker wear hardhats when they	AtLocation	job
warm tempurature on mar	IsA	75 degree f
their	IsA	dry river bed on mar
their	IsA	many view of world
temperature on mar	IsA	cold than on earth
at fasching many person	IsA	wear strange clothe
jack nicholson	IsA	here
in residential neighborhood house	IsA	close together
peppercorn	IsA	grind before use
balance diet	IsA	neccessary for healthy body
breast feed	IsA	best for baby
religion and superstition	IsA	just psychological phenomenon
play be to learn to learn	IsA	play
digital	IsA	replace analogue
different kind of house	AtLocation	different part of world
multiple way	AtLocation	design anything
southern unite state	IsA	dry than north
john lennon	IsA	active advocate of peace
original sin	IsA	sexy movie
center of us politics	IsA	washington d.c
often lot	AtLocation	flower at funeral service
paradise duck	IsA	particular kind of duck
disc	IsA	cd
two common type	AtLocation	screwdriver phillips-head and blade
cuteness	IsA	survival trait
person enjoy	IsA	outdoors
key to girl pussy	IsA	her heart
this turtle	IsA	grand grand father of ninja turtle
automobile control	IsA	get too
thread on nut or bolt	IsA	form of lever
tropheys	IsA	well respect achievement
magifying glass	IsA	symbol of discovery mystery and search
coral fish	IsA	good swimmer
pitcher for baseball team	IsA	pay lot of money
even when they	IsA	green we call them blackboard
before automobile horse	IsA	common form of transportation
u.s	IsA	free country
ice pack	AtLocation	house
something good	IsA	phone call away
home be	IsA	you go to be safe
mae change tire	IsA	wear overall
forrest gump	IsA	champion ping pong player
old yeller	IsA	golden retriever
antique duck decoy	IsA	hot collectible item
let there	IsA	peace on earth
healthcare	IsA	human right
skyscapers	IsA	very tall build
propeller beenie mean you	IsA	freshman in college
bird eye view mean you	IsA	look down at something
watch help us	IsA	on time
pink flower	IsA	bloom
brightly color fish	IsA	usually
flower on table	IsA	nice touch
behind this	IsA	no place to be
no penquins	AtLocation	alaska
grand canyon	IsA	deep pit
tree and bush	IsA	greeen
2 3 of earth surface	IsA	convered in water
person that	IsA	love get maried
three light blue egg	AtLocation	this next
three light blue egg	AtLocation	nest
firetrucks help person when their house	IsA	on fire
pittsburgh pirate	IsA	bseball team
person smoke	AtLocation	school
when i travel i	IsA	leave home
men with latex glove	IsA	pervert
person whose birthday	IsA	be celebrate blow out candle
tecjnology	IsA	improve
when i	IsA	child
little doll	AtLocation	wed cake
military person	IsA	secret homosexual
several mountian range through	AtLocation	world
black dress and tuxedo	IsA	consider formal attire
swim in summer	IsA	cool and fun
sheet and pillowcase	IsA	two item of bed linen
magic eightballs	IsA	toy
passenger on this ship	IsA	on vacation
superbowl	IsA	popular football game
one common shape for seashell	IsA	spiral
large variety	AtLocation	knife shape size and style
zodiac sign of libra	IsA	pair of scale
not all house	IsA	home
violin smell funny when they	IsA	on fire
this build	IsA	in washington d.c
this build	IsA	in washington dc
walk barefoot outdoors	IsA	little bite dangerous
horseback-riding	IsA	very good exercise
numerous way to communicate	AtLocation	message
group of tall build	IsA	usually
space travel across distant galaxy	IsA	still consider science-fiction
leather seat in vehicle	IsA	luxury option
corn cob	IsA	fallic
corn cob	IsA	naturally
crack safe	IsA	open it not break it
gym class	IsA	call p.e
fish egg	IsA	call roe
not all pig meat	IsA	ham
testicle	IsA	call ball
cher	IsA	singer
qwerty keyboard	IsA	very inefficent
victory sign	IsA	peace sign
these type of hat	IsA	usually
all different kind	AtLocation	person
this cartoon man	IsA	at work
mountain look small when they	IsA	far away
approximately 180 different nation	AtLocation	earth
time they	IsA	change
small clothe	AtLocation	which to dress doll
table- tennis bat	IsA	sometimes
us president	IsA	important political figure
other animal	AtLocation	us
if sun	IsA	bright wear sunglass
many young person	IsA	not politicaly active
solor system	IsA	wonderous thing
america young person	IsA	easily
many different cosmetic product	AtLocation	market
misguide patriotism	IsA	real danger
shoot each other	IsA	no good solution for conflict
one important activity while play basketball	IsA	dribble
movement in motion picture	IsA	just optical illusion
some old violin	IsA	today
one thing often involve in kiss	IsA	emotion
man conquest of moon	IsA	small step
king dart	IsA	difficult game
baby mind	IsA	clean slate
work on sewer	IsA	nasty job
many computer	IsA	discard each day
u.s a	IsA	become empire
professional golf	IsA	game for wealthy
car wreck	IsA	no fun
my new oldsmobile	IsA	not like my grandmother oldsmobile
family photo	IsA	good way to preserve memory
family photo	IsA	for loser
helium balloon float upward because they	IsA	light than air
hand-operated equipment	IsA	become thing of past
ice cold champayne	IsA	often
certain eagle	AtLocation	endanger specie list
ben franklin prove that lighten	IsA	form of electricity
perspective	IsA	everything
preparation and presentation	IsA	significant part of dine experience
my wed	IsA	38 year ago
badly design human interface	IsA	everywhere
professional basketball	IsA	often
gold fish	AtLocation	fish tank
16-wheeler	IsA	big truck
lot of champagne will	IsA	drink on new year eve
use umbrella when it	IsA	rain
u-571	IsA	good movie
have fireplace in bedroom	IsA	desireable
many of our found father picture	IsA	on money
cannot tell if it	IsA	record or cd
balloon in sky	IsA	gorgeous especially when unexpected
morgan	IsA	variety of horse
bone make of rubber	IsA	toy for pet dog
average amount of sleep	IsA	8 hour
exoskeleton be when bone	AtLocation	outside
ionic column	IsA	earmark of greek architecture
i never	AtLocation	speedboat
image inside peace logo	IsA	skull
bird beak	IsA	relate to what food it eat
find nemo	IsA	disney movie
one way to smoke tobacco	IsA	pipe
red meat	IsA	bad for you
freedom it	IsA	gift from france
learn to play instrument	IsA	much easy as child
lot of woman athlete	IsA	lesbian
most american	IsA	slave to wealth-oriented popular-culture-generating media machine
human interaction	IsA	game
range	AtLocation	device
eck	IsA	total awareness
what you see may	IsA	reflection of what be
hard hat protect	IsA	construction area
oakley	IsA	expensive kind of sunglass
bob for apple	IsA	game
some person think that athlete	IsA	pay too much money
show jump	IsA	one event in three-day eventing
show jump	IsA	precision sport
saturday morning picture	IsA	for child
many medicine	IsA	copy of ingredient find inplants
when meat	IsA	grill it become less fatty
color orange	IsA	mix of yellow and red
some whale	IsA	endanger specie
melody line	IsA	generally not in bass clef
lizzards	IsA	yucky
too many car	AtLocation	road
waterfall	IsA	fall river
waterfall	AtLocation	river
waterfall	AtLocation	spray
waterfall	AtLocation	rock
waterfall	AtLocation	mist
waterfall	AtLocation	beauty
currently nine planet discover	AtLocation	our solar system
wear of jewlery	IsA	one way human express themselves
cream cheese and bagel	IsA	common combination
twenty four hour	AtLocation	one day
twenty four hour	AtLocation	day
real genius	IsA	great movie
many baseball player	IsA	pay large salary
five card of same suit	IsA	flush
preybirds	IsA	beutifull
single sex college	IsA	become increasingly rare
famous phrase	IsA	home sweet home
ailurophile	IsA	lover of cat
primary colour	IsA	three red blue and yellow
75 of earth	IsA	under water
basket use in basketball	AtLocation	pole above court
thing that weigh same	IsA	different size
person sleep	AtLocation	class
red and yellow	IsA	common color for emergency vehicle
screw driver	IsA	remove screw
old paper	AtLocation	waste bin
large feline	IsA	carniverous
what heck	IsA	this
dad play with his kid	IsA	good dad
old man and ocean	IsA	great book
person stand close together when they	IsA	friend
homeless person even	AtLocation	wealthy country
most professional basketball player	IsA	tall black men
relish saurkraut and mustard	IsA	all hotdog condiment
his real name	IsA	robert zimmerman
sun diameter	IsA	860,000 mile
in us stop sign	IsA	octagon
in us stop sign	IsA	octagons\
density of saturn	IsA	about
diameter of earth	IsA	about 8000 km
mar and jupiter	IsA	seperated by asteroid
mar and jupiter	IsA	seperated by asteroid belt
red giant	IsA	star
santana	IsA	band
stalin	IsA	bad guy
medical profession	IsA	use more and more universal precaution
climate	IsA	warm near equator
wooded area	IsA	favourite haunt of serial killer
lonely pacific island	IsA	myth of american socitey
everything human make	IsA	tool
american probation	IsA	failure
in right hand guitar	IsA	expressive musical instrument
food preference	IsA	important part of any culture
our overconsumption	IsA	use up nature
light rail	IsA	much more efficient transportation than car
classic bicycle	IsA	in high demand
it only game or	IsA	it
some headgear	IsA	serious and some be fun
english ivy	IsA	invasive specie
big home	IsA	not good just more expensive
no build	AtLocation	this where i live
cool jazz	IsA	romantic music
in one sense ticket	IsA	like money
some sculpture	IsA	large than life
many person think seven	IsA	lucky number
believe all men honest	IsA	folly
true friendship	IsA	plant of slow growth
some person enjoy	AtLocation	forest
most kiss	AtLocation	lip
element that produce light	IsA	tungsten
color of map pin	IsA	give significance
person need comfort when there	IsA	death
joe dimagio	IsA	famous baseball player
man and his daughter	IsA	family
push-pins	IsA	commonly
this dart	IsA	hand hold missile
champange originate in france and	IsA	sparkle wine
in some card game this	IsA	win hand
many mechanical device	AtLocation	help stay physically fit
human once think earth	AtLocation	center of universe
many person think golf	IsA	bore game
men wield tropies	IsA	not in fight mood
category of interest	IsA	broadcast on different channel
irresponsible log	IsA	destroy forest
us mail	IsA	very effecient organization
hohrseshoe	IsA	letter c backwards
number 81 and 18	IsA	mirror image
person get marry because they	IsA	in love
archery score	IsA	7,8,9,12
friut basket	IsA	ofen
many different strain	AtLocation	corn
early map	IsA	neither accurate nor complete
dodecahedron	IsA	12 side object
little baby girl	IsA	verry cute
many roller coaster	AtLocation	theme park
typwriters	IsA	old machine
fix flat tire	IsA	hard work
this superbowl ny giant	IsA	play baltimore raven
best car	IsA	bentley roll royce
artificial bone	IsA	chew toy for dog
sea plant	IsA	need by sea animal
decorative map	IsA	for wall
bride and groom doll	IsA	use to decorate wed cake
rosebud	IsA	baby rose
rosebud	IsA	rose
mediatation	IsA	form of relaxation
different kind of food	IsA	different color
clothe look best when they	IsA	hung-up
jug and vase	AtLocation	use or for decoration
it look like i	IsA	get head
black man	IsA	reach into clothe dry
black man	IsA	clean laundry machine
three balloon	AtLocation	air
many different kind of wild animal	AtLocation	africa
lighten and northern light	IsA	nature firework
perfect family	IsA	myth in 21st century
romance	IsA	human thing
romance	AtLocation	office
jar-jar binks	IsA	annoy star war character
many manufacturer	AtLocation	chemical for personal and household use
large house and immaculate lawn	IsA	consider status symbol
two way	AtLocation	tie shoe
some person like ot	IsA	on tv
human activity	IsA	harm earth
color on animal	IsA	signal
another name for mountain lion	IsA	cougar
person think that groom	IsA	tall than bride
this float because it	IsA	light than water
grief share	IsA	grief halve
pingpong	IsA	game
pingpong	AtLocation	other word tabletennis
horseahoes	IsA	aften
person eat when they	IsA	serve food
another name for table tennis	IsA	ping pong
ride in car for hour	IsA	tire
in our society homeless person	IsA	often
these card	IsA	straight flush
dart board dart	IsA	game
port city	IsA	loast of country
form of duck	IsA	shape
many wonder	AtLocation	universe
most television program	IsA	trash
too many chemical	AtLocation	world
meat and plant	IsA	two kind of food
that which	IsA	heavy fall and that
bond with child	IsA	imporatant
popular spectator sport	IsA	baseball
discovery	IsA	journey not destination
baby skull	IsA	soft and have not fully develop
some person think horeshoes	IsA	for good luck
lot of star trek fan	AtLocation	internet
analog device	IsA	be
sled ride	IsA	lot of fun
country side	IsA	beautiful place
405 freeway	IsA	congestid
u.s president	IsA	in charge of arm force
u.s president	IsA	political leader
tactic	IsA	mean and method by
cost of liberty	IsA	eternal vigilance
many system	AtLocation	organize data
many different game	AtLocation	person to play
many mountain	IsA	volcano
patience and courtesy	IsA	good trait
some one who shoe horse	IsA	ferrier
if door	IsA	open bug
work of childhood	IsA	play
pose collection of inanimate object	IsA	still life
cola war	IsA	pepsi and coke
pitch of roof	IsA	measure of it slope
bagel with cream cheese and lox	IsA	sunday treat
cloverleaf	IsA	consider lucky plant
horizon	IsA	where sky meet earth
sail boat cannot move if there	IsA	no wind
eat utensil	IsA	often
foot-long hot dog	IsA	long than hot-dog bun
audis	IsA	fantastic vehicle
pursuit of knowledge	IsA	noble goal
early motion picture film	IsA	nitrate base
originally basketball	IsA	not consider contact sport
this type of mask	IsA	call domino
many childrens bank	AtLocation	shape of pig
road big anough	AtLocation	two
large icon	IsA	symbol of importance
ticket will let me	IsA	admittted into movie theater
old dog	IsA	good dog
he on date and i	IsA	knot
sign for law	IsA	weight balancer
pnuemonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis	IsA	lung condition
use recycle paper prevent tree from	IsA	overcut
skylab	IsA	first space staion
milk of cow	IsA	often
movie twister	IsA	about tornado
many style	AtLocation	guitar
by nature person	IsA	social animal
coffee contain caffeine which	IsA	drug
yellow snow	IsA	snow
yellow snow	IsA	bad snow
baby body	IsA	dissproportionate
ho water bottle	IsA	place on ache muscle
harbour	IsA	where many boat dock
typewritter	IsA	predecessor of computer
type of watch	IsA	rollex
funny	IsA	make more point
this creature	IsA	bird
measurement of time	IsA	manmade construct
some physical object	IsA	heavy than others
lake and forest	IsA	find together
bride and groom ornament	IsA	often
all sort	AtLocation	furniture in house
stirrup	IsA	put your foot in
show-jumping	IsA	equestrian sport
hurdle	IsA	track event
caltrop	IsA	weapon
cathedral	AtLocation	religion
cathedral	AtLocation	bishop
rubber stamp something	IsA	agree without think
paris in springtime	IsA	wonderful city
big thing look small if they	IsA	far enough away
some thing only work if they	AtLocation	right place
wooden hangar	IsA	become obsolete
too many person who need help	AtLocation	life
new study indicate figh	IsA	claustrophibic
courtship	IsA	complex process
plant that	IsA	flower
hand-eye coordination	IsA	key development point for child
classic bicycle of 50	IsA	collector item
vintage car	IsA	collector item in america
one of musical notation clef	IsA	g clef
rotunda of us senate	IsA	impressive archetectural accomplishment
big city skyline	IsA	tourist attraction
cappaccino	IsA	enjoyable after dinner drink
52 card	AtLocation	standard poker deck
human kiss each other when they	IsA	in love
sometimes toy	IsA	coppies of real thing
hocky	IsA	team sport
some corn	IsA	detasseled
some corn	IsA	dark and some be light
earhquakes	IsA	devestating to tall build
station wgons	IsA	good family transportation
african wildlife	IsA	become endanger
over billion solar system	AtLocation	there
build like this	IsA	institution
longhand write	IsA	slow than type
some person think that space travel	IsA	hoax
in america there	IsA	many homeless person
person work for salary which	IsA	fancy word for money
black card	AtLocation	red card
rubber may	IsA	flexable
three primary colour they	AtLocation	blue yellow and red
magnitude of planet	IsA	quantifiable
guy with long hair	IsA	skanky
prairiedogs	IsA	not dog
ted williams	IsA	famous baseball player
one man trash	IsA	another man treasure
one man trash	IsA	anothers treasure
one man pleasure	IsA	another man pain
ribbon with decoration	IsA	reward for do great thing
navigational map	IsA	work of art
large corporation	IsA	usually
six side	AtLocation	cube
hole in horseshoe	IsA	nail to go through
person usually smile when they	IsA	have family portrait take
some horse be pet and others	IsA	laborer
this type of watch	IsA	not for everyday use
impersonation	IsA	usally form of flattery
ancestor of all dog	IsA	wolf
byproduct of fire	IsA	smoke and ash
sink cue ball	IsA	scratch
one man junk	IsA	another man treasure
this be skylab it	IsA	space station
tune musical instrument	IsA	skill
many wild animal	IsA	become extinct
travel in communist russia without paper	IsA	bad idea
most wealthy black person	IsA	sport figure
japanese music	IsA	like two silverware truck crash
homosexual human	IsA	sometimes
vegitarians	IsA	usuallys strap come thanksgiving
famous paint	IsA	in museum
pole	IsA	rod
good tool	AtLocation	every job
freedom to see beauty	IsA	state of mind
tradition	IsA	marriage
convention	IsA	way of share knowledge
two side	AtLocation	piece of paper
behind eight-ball	IsA	phrase
light in sky	IsA	like electricity
john addams	IsA	president
most male bird	IsA	pretty than female bird
cargo ship	IsA	not cruise ship
how to decorate live room	IsA	matter of personal taste
amusement ride	IsA	not
amusement ride	AtLocation	disneyland
mother and baby	IsA	have fun look at each other
have to change tire	IsA	pain in butt
six sailboat	AtLocation	this picture
world really	IsA	very small place in reality
most vinyl record	IsA	not available anymore
two dry corn on cob	AtLocation	this picture
truly round	IsA	not
perhaps round	IsA	human invention
canine	IsA	man best friend
canine	IsA	dog
poision ivy	IsA	not indiginous to california
average sleep requirement	IsA	8 hour every 24 hour
batman partner	IsA	robin
mount shasta	IsA	in california
john deere	IsA	tractor manufacturer
blue angeles	IsA	military synchronize flight team
share data	IsA	easty with internet
refuge	IsA	place of comfort
ewer	IsA	water pitcher
garden and flower shuold	IsA	irrigate frequently
hatch	IsA	break open
animal which	IsA	pet
mapmaking	IsA	call cartography
all these card	IsA	heart
rise sea level	IsA	danger of global warm
clipart image	IsA	low resolution draw
clipart	IsA	low resolution draw
cake and icecream	IsA	popular dessert
legal size paper	IsA	large than letter size paper
violin be classy fiddle	IsA	not
metal clothehangers	IsA	very useful tool
exercise look like fun but it	IsA	not
rub nose	IsA	form of kiss
golf coarse	IsA	play hole
human disease	IsA	most sucessfully
no royal family	AtLocation	america
book be knowledge and knowledge	IsA	power
that bike	IsA	exspensive
boat float because they	IsA	bouyant
in america phone number	IsA	eleven digit long
stradivarius	IsA	expensive violin
person wear same clothe	IsA	member of group
space ship	IsA	fantasy
space ship	IsA	moon
autumm	IsA	beutiful
one of five human sense	IsA	hear
person get marry when they	IsA	in love
saltwater	AtLocation	any ocean
clean desk	IsA	sign of sick mind
vehicle with light on	IsA	easy to see
thsi	IsA	rubber chicken
billion	AtLocation	human alive now
platinum and gold	IsA	very valuable element
both green	AtLocation	red apple
singular of dice	IsA	die
budha	IsA	god
shool	IsA	hell
this always ring when i	IsA	eat dinner
stock car race	IsA	waste of time
go on bike ride	IsA	good exercise
contact	IsA	good movie
when run with basketball it	IsA	dribble
plural of dice	IsA	die
throwns	IsA	for royalty to sit upon
female lion	IsA	hunter
many thing that be pie-shaped	IsA	not pie
picture of president	IsA	on us money
fat	IsA	great insulation
thiis	IsA	housenwith grass
chees	IsA	old milk
many large animal and scary animal	AtLocation	plain of africa
person make toast when they	IsA	celebrate
cinnamon	IsA	sweet spice
cinnamon	IsA	spice
many different breed	AtLocation	horse
before camera	IsA	invent artist paint picture of person
blue and yellow	IsA	complementary color
feather of duck	IsA	waterproof
christophe	IsA	name
in today society person	IsA	spend more and more time indoors
southern state	IsA	warm than northern state
moon land actually	AtLocation	soundstage in arizona
shaun baker	IsA	cocksucker
phillips and standard	IsA	two basic type of screw
main function of tooth	IsA	break food into small piece
ecosystem	IsA	where many different animal exist together
wind-up tooth	IsA	gag
polish stone	IsA	semi-precious gem
some think that charcoal	IsA	carcoenginc
dog be good pet cat	IsA	good pet
flat rock	IsA	best for skip across lake
these large turtle	IsA	only
maggie may parent	IsA	hippie
modern mountain bicycle	IsA	sophisticate and very expensive machine
propeller drive aircraft	IsA	slow than jet propel aircraft
reciveing metal	IsA	honor
border between country	IsA	imaginary line
person nose	AtLocation	middle of their face
dino bone	IsA	usually
car and truck	IsA	common form of transportation
some different kind of apple	IsA	different color
comb one hair	IsA	part of personal groom
not all idea	IsA	good one
all we need	IsA	caper and loch
blue eye	IsA	recessive genetic trait
only true sport	IsA	baseball
beyond sky	IsA	space
shine bit on handle	IsA	screw
coffie	IsA	drug
some antique	IsA	just old junk
my son birthday	IsA	yesterday
horse and rider	IsA	team
horse and rider	IsA	jump hurdle
red bridge	IsA	golden gate
fish cat and dog	IsA	common pet
4:20	IsA	international pot-smoking time
live room or family room	IsA	where most person gather
fake nose and glass	IsA	not appropriate attire for most job
hardcover book	IsA	heavy than paperback
bottle of champaigne	AtLocation	ice bucket
many different shape	AtLocation	ear
only so many sound	AtLocation	human ear can hear
many statue of liberty	IsA	symbol for freedom
person who do good thing	IsA	give award
violen	IsA	string instrument
this bell let person know you	IsA	there
these person look like they	AtLocation	cruiseline
eifel tower in france	IsA	famous tourist attraction
middle of nowhare	IsA	still somewhare
no house	IsA	fire proof
cook beef	IsA	dark than uncooked beef
goood thing to have if it	IsA	rain
safty equipment	IsA	important when you play certain sport
game of pool	IsA	alot of fun
woman basketball	IsA	small than men
allentown new jersey	IsA	nice town
housecats	IsA	decendents of mountain lion
why	IsA	rubber chicken consider funny
grand teton	IsA	in wyoming
song bird	IsA	sign of spring
brady bunch	IsA	really far-out tv show
cloth baby diaper	IsA	pain in neck
dome of capitol build	IsA	engineer masterpiece
this paint	IsA	eightenth century man
red ball	IsA	move away from me
beautiful vista	AtLocation	america
erase	AtLocation	backpack
happy person	AtLocation	good mood
your lover	AtLocation	your bedroom
your lover	AtLocation	various mood
lot book	AtLocation	classroom
lot book	AtLocation	use bookstore
lot book	AtLocation	bookstore
lot book	AtLocation	shelf
contradiction	AtLocation	bible
contradiction	AtLocation	theology
gift adult	IsA	smart person
gift adult	AtLocation	intertel
gift adult	AtLocation	use bookstore
gift adult	AtLocation	mensa
god-like character	AtLocation	fairy tale
evidence of evolution	AtLocation	fossil
dance person	AtLocation	good mood
enchantment	AtLocation	new mexico
high temperature	AtLocation	plasma
high temperature	AtLocation	center of sun
old testament	AtLocation	church
old testament	AtLocation	bookstore
old testament	AtLocation	library
drip water	AtLocation	cavern
road runner	AtLocation	new mexico
emotional distress	IsA	crisis
cosmic ray	AtLocation	earth upper atmosphere
air traffic controller	AtLocation	control tower
eight planet	AtLocation	solar system
christian fundamentalist	AtLocation	church
christian fundamentalist	AtLocation	build
christian fundamentalist	AtLocation	store
christian fundamentalist	AtLocation	house
talk animal	AtLocation	fairy tale
complex device	AtLocation	chemistry lab
draw pad	AtLocation	art store
leadership	AtLocation	school
leadership	AtLocation	office
type of car	AtLocation	street
superhero	IsA	superman
supervillain	AtLocation	comic
russian soldier	AtLocation	georgia
get revenge	IsA	action
clarence darrow	IsA	atheist
pedophile	AtLocation	priesthood
same-sex marriage	IsA	marriage
railway	AtLocation	city
railway	AtLocation	train
human right violation	AtLocation	china
dictatorship	IsA	political system
four leg	IsA	activity
suspension	AtLocation	car
suspense	AtLocation	theater
entertain	AtLocation	opera
center	AtLocation	middle
origin	AtLocation	middle
deja vu	AtLocation	middle
apple ipod	AtLocation	electronics store
pornstar	IsA	whore
pornstar	IsA	human
pornstar	IsA	actress
medical procedure	AtLocation	hospital
medical procedure	IsA	operation
medical procedure	AtLocation	clinic
mexican eat bean	IsA	cliche
feel alone	IsA	loneliness
alone	IsA	feel
dog be pack animal	IsA	cliche
turn of phrase	IsA	phrase
chinese person eat rice	IsA	cliche
black guy listen to rap music	IsA	cliche
there more than one way to skin cat	IsA	cliche
cum	AtLocation	sperm bank
pornstars	AtLocation	la
pornstars	AtLocation	x rate movie
keep stuff	IsA	desire
habitat	AtLocation	ecology
deity	AtLocation	mythology
officer	AtLocation	control
officer	AtLocation	fraternity house
air freshener	AtLocation	automobile
grind squirrel	AtLocation	grind
pet snake	AtLocation	fish tank
semi-truck	AtLocation	town
semi-truck	AtLocation	any large city
semi-truck	AtLocation	big city
semi-truck	AtLocation	street
submariner	AtLocation	submarine
bowl alley	IsA	place
military base	IsA	place
university student	AtLocation	school
venereal disease	IsA	disease
diesel engine	AtLocation	semi-truck
diesel engine	AtLocation	tractor
chorizo	IsA	sausage
hermit crab	AtLocation	fish tank
water filter	AtLocation	fish tank
companion	AtLocation	you
person have sex	AtLocation	home
person have sex	AtLocation	bed
muskrat	AtLocation	pond
caffein	AtLocation	coffee
frisbee golf	IsA	sport
trout	AtLocation	restaurant
trout	AtLocation	water
trout	IsA	fish
geologist	IsA	human
human intelligence	AtLocation	office
televise	AtLocation	office
drink wine	AtLocation	restaurant
contain	AtLocation	shelf
contain	AtLocation	grocery store
contain	AtLocation	your own freezer
contain	AtLocation	home
contain	AtLocation	supermarket
bottle soda	AtLocation	restaurant
punch paper	AtLocation	classroom
punch paper	AtLocation	office build
door hinge	AtLocation	office build
door hinge	AtLocation	home
door hinge	AtLocation	apartment
mexican food	AtLocation	fridge
mexican food	AtLocation	kitchen
mexican food	AtLocation	your table
mexican food	AtLocation	refrigerator
mexican food	AtLocation	grocery store
speedo	AtLocation	store
speedo	AtLocation	build
speedo	AtLocation	bedroom
food preparation item	AtLocation	kitchen
naked	AtLocation	bathroom
anxiety disorder	AtLocation	airport
hostess of dinner party	IsA	stand up
antique pocket watch	AtLocation	piece of paper
alarm clock hand	IsA	at 4:50
this person might	IsA	medical professional
two mountainclimbers	AtLocation	bagpacks climb mountain
car mechanic	IsA	person who fix car
grind cinnamon	IsA	common adornment for food
colourful balloon float	IsA	light than air
this fellow with glass	IsA	write something
this pretty bird	IsA	sit on fir tree
th	IsA	typical masquerade mask
three blue egg	AtLocation	straw nest
vincent van gogh	IsA	famous artist
red and black object	IsA	vacuum clean
person walk	AtLocation	two moss cover rock
two cob	AtLocation	corn one brown one yellow
jockey ride horse	IsA	jump over white fence
jockey on horse that	IsA	jump over gate
wispy cloud	AtLocation	sky
car radio	IsA	play music
elderly couple	IsA	exercise in gym
elderly couple	IsA	exercise
that little car	IsA	piece of shit
this violin	IsA	on display on greek column
glass of orange juice	AtLocation	table
person ride horse that	IsA	jump over obstacle
this collection of books.they	IsA	old books.they be bind
male doctor	IsA	inspect female patient mouth
male doctor	IsA	consult female pacient
male doctor	IsA	examine female patient
these house look like they	AtLocation	city in western europe
peron who	IsA	ski
golden retriever dog that	IsA	sit down and pant
ship with red sail	IsA	sail
soldier in tank	AtLocation	road
baseballer who	IsA	throw ball
violing which	IsA	miss it bow
male person hand	IsA	hold wooden pipe
this two old person	IsA	climb to rock
man in this picture	IsA	ski
two couple	IsA	have meal at restaurant
this black man	IsA	reach in for something
man wear glass	IsA	talk in front of microphone
hore	IsA	jump over fence
white horse	IsA	jump over pole for competition
waitor	IsA	confirm choice of wine
someone right hand	IsA	hold computer floppy disk
someone right hand	IsA	hold cigarette
high-rise build call skyscraper	AtLocation	foreground
traffic	IsA	flow freely on this highway interchange
those animal	IsA	still horse around
those animal	IsA	horse around
this decoy	IsA	yesterday
robert redford	IsA	play baritone sax
something yellow	AtLocation	this bottle
two horse in front	AtLocation	many tree
two skier ski	AtLocation	snow
human male	IsA	attempt to catch football
human male	IsA	wear blue shirt
human male	IsA	hold cigarette
human on horseback	IsA	play sport of polo
elderly dinner party	IsA	serve wine or champagne
golden retreiver	IsA	warm and cuddly companion
several person	IsA	eat meal
several person	AtLocation	dinner party
thi	IsA	picture of library
thiss	IsA	dart
blue and yellow bird	IsA	spread it wing
two child	IsA	play basketball
two child	IsA	do activity at school
baseball player pitcher	IsA	throw baseball toward camera
two horse one	AtLocation	rider and one without
many boat take part	AtLocation	regatta
these young boy	IsA	have fun play ball
these boy	IsA	play soccer
these might	IsA	college boy study
group of school thespian	IsA	ask question by their audience
afurnished live room	AtLocation	foreground
in poker this would	IsA	royal flush
2 adult	AtLocation	3 child
three egg	AtLocation	this nest
black and white cow eat grass	AtLocation	mountain
tiny kitten	IsA	peer over mound of flesh
continent of africa	IsA	in view on globe
colorful hot air balloon	IsA	sail against clear blue sky
baby pacifier which	IsA	call binki
some type of big cat	IsA	bare it tooth
one basketball player	IsA	guard another
mountain cat	IsA	bare it tooth
several woman	IsA	eat meal
several woman	IsA	sit around resturant table eat
group of woman	IsA	have meal in restaurant
this might	IsA	magic eight ball
three ballons	AtLocation	sky
quite	AtLocation	few house apparently crowd together
man and woman who	IsA	ski
clench hand	IsA	hold cigarette
his name	IsA	babe
group of young person	IsA	study in library
girl and boy	IsA	hug
man and child	IsA	play basketball
another word for dice	IsA	die
outdoor chair on caster	IsA	easy to move around
male duck that	IsA	harlequin duck
meddalion that	IsA	sign for peace
dartboard that	IsA	rotate 90 degree counter clockwise
many fruit include	AtLocation	pineapple
each day time	IsA	officially
today	IsA	his birthday
couple on couch	IsA	watch television
numerous household commercial product	AtLocation	market today
adventurous vacationer	IsA	body slide down waterfall
three hot air balloon	AtLocation	air
two mountaneers	IsA	climb snowy cliff
two old person	IsA	exercise
elephant lion and giraffe	IsA	wild animal from africa
seven piece	AtLocation	sushi and some pickle ginger
six person	AtLocation	picture
six person	IsA	sit around table
book on meditation	IsA	usually about oriental religion and practice
this violin look like it	IsA	varnish with cheap varnish
structure in picture	IsA	bridge
small sailboat with orange sail	IsA	carry several person
man in football uniform	IsA	catch football
golfer who	IsA	champion
this be roller coaster it	IsA	near palm tree
park space for buss	IsA	long than for car
self-expression through art	IsA	one way to be creative
tall skyscraper build	IsA	usually
what you see in mirror	IsA	your own reflection
old-fashioned word for umbrella	IsA	bumbershoot
un-manned space probe and satellite	IsA	form of armchair exploration
chamber nautilus	IsA	very beautiful seashell
everybodies perception	IsA	diffrent
honsety	IsA	mighter than dishonesty
plural of word dice	IsA	die
what woman want	IsA	good movie
my friend flicka	IsA	popular story about horse
library charge fine when book	IsA	not
plunger which	IsA	tool
two jack	AtLocation	one ball
transexual	IsA	canoe across ocean
girl in picture	IsA	hold puppy
johnnie	IsA	marry judy
this cookie	IsA	mostly
person prepare	AtLocation	ride three horse
several animal that	IsA	commonly
blond man	IsA	play sax
learn to fly	IsA	song
hayker	IsA	hyiking
beautiful pink flower	IsA	in full bloom
long-haired rock singer	AtLocation	record studio
artist illustration of saxophone	IsA	play by male person
ocean on this globe	IsA	dark color
bottle with yellow color liquid	IsA	sit in light
happy gold dog	IsA	stare at you
again this	IsA	horse shoe
doctor look like he	IsA	do something
many trophy	AtLocation	sport
industrial park	IsA	terrible place to work
computer part	IsA	sell separately
place which	IsA	include in many joke
woman in salmon-colored leotard	IsA	hold baby
polo player	IsA	prepare for match
five person	IsA	escalade canyon
in foreground there	IsA	decorate cross
three person	IsA	cross footbridge in forest
brightly color tropical fish	IsA	swim around
figure in center	IsA	person paddle yellow kayak
figure	IsA	electric fan
figure	IsA	magnify glass
figure	IsA	human hand grasp stopwatch
two climber	IsA	scramble up mountain side
man hand	IsA	hold five play card
man hand	IsA	hold rosebud by stem
man hand	IsA	hold single-sided computer diskette
professional basketball game	IsA	in progress
two young men	IsA	lie on floor talk
three person on horseback	IsA	prepare for ride competition
two rival basketball player	IsA	attempt to catch basketball
dark-skinned man	IsA	clean out commercial clothe washer
two ear	AtLocation	corn
five person one stand	AtLocation	small table
mailbox be open and there	IsA	few letter inside it
two dice other one show two	AtLocation	other five
cow eat grass and mountain	AtLocation	background
backgammon board and stone	IsA	game
multi-colored flower	IsA	hand
yellow forklift truck	IsA	transport piece of turf
two person lie	AtLocation	their stomach
two horse next	AtLocation	each other in field
popular spread for bagel	IsA	cream cheese
horse with rider	IsA	jump over obstacle
half naked girl	IsA	jump in lake
lunar lander	IsA	prepare to land on moon
six stripe	AtLocation	right burger
two screw	AtLocation	each of four fan blade
three screw hold	AtLocation	handle on
everyone in picture	IsA	wear some clothe
one oar	IsA	partly in water
two leave	AtLocation	hand
this tv	IsA	old model
three piece	AtLocation	jewelry in person open palm
two beautiful chestnut color horse	AtLocation	this photo
pair of glass which	IsA	lay upside down
small fruit in this picture	IsA	grape
brown dog	IsA	sit on his haunch
far and son	IsA	lay basketball
person hand	IsA	hold some jewelry
boy and man	IsA	play sport together
three equestrian rider	AtLocation	their horse in this picture
four boy and two girl	IsA	at one table in library
small child in overall	IsA	climb on play equipment
some holstein cattle	AtLocation	this alpine pasture
this kitten	IsA	two or three week old
this hatchet	IsA	plunge downward
one way person get their pay	IsA	through check
first level of school	IsA	elementary school
store in mall	IsA	sam goody
funhouse	AtLocation	state park
subway car	AtLocation	subway
maximum speed limit in england	IsA	70 mile per hour
fish and chip	IsA	usually
uganda	IsA	nation
wall of house	IsA	support roof
spot light	AtLocation	theater
chemical formula for water	IsA	h2o
drop penny	AtLocation	street
substitute teacher	AtLocation	quandry
sorority house	AtLocation	university
love letter	AtLocation	sock drawer
troop	AtLocation	military base
overprice food	AtLocation	airport
several game	AtLocation	sport season
teeter-totter	AtLocation	park
light and noise	AtLocation	casino
mellon	AtLocation	market
few preparation to be make	AtLocation	attempt to paint house
fresh cut flower	AtLocation	table
there for good	AtLocation	roof
yours if nobody else claim it	AtLocation	table
probably okay to eat	AtLocation	plate
usually edable	AtLocation	plate
mark twain	IsA	american author
bread in	AtLocation	plastic wrapper
physical mental and spiritual type	AtLocation	illness
pebble in your shoe	IsA	pinful
student in high school	IsA	lot of pressure to conform
engagement ring	AtLocation	drain
dead squirrel	AtLocation	street
opera ticket	AtLocation	trash
opera ticket	AtLocation	nice part of town
spill milk	AtLocation	table
pen and pencil set	AtLocation	shop
center passage	AtLocation	old mansion
yours	AtLocation	you
fortune teller	AtLocation	fair
throw trash out window	IsA	litter
impulse buy	AtLocation	end of line
cream corn	AtLocation	can
it shadow	AtLocation	tree
campaign worker	AtLocation	front door
space alien	AtLocation	outerspace
art lover	AtLocation	art show
be store	AtLocation	loft
dorothy little dog	IsA	name toto
potato in	AtLocation	stew
suspect can explain where he	IsA	all night
beef jerky	AtLocation	backpack
put there for reason	AtLocation	cabinet
little bar of soap	AtLocation	hotel
your limit of sanity	AtLocation	quandry
map of many different type	AtLocation	be for many different function
tv bolt to wall	AtLocation	motel
guide	AtLocation	museum
tv antenea	AtLocation	roof
bookstore in	AtLocation	any city
paper dot	AtLocation	desk
ring in box	AtLocation	cracker jack
forgetful assistant	AtLocation	quandry
plano and dallas	IsA	both city in texas
thousand of car	AtLocation	road today
dodger	IsA	sport team
dodger	IsA	tie so they play extra inning
austrailia	IsA	island
chuck of hash	AtLocation	concert
slotmachine	AtLocation	casino
learn centre	AtLocation	school
cosmic dust	AtLocation	space
hundred dollar bill	AtLocation	street
abandon tractor	AtLocation	meadow
catsup dispenser	AtLocation	fast-food restaurant
orchard	IsA	where many fruit tree grow
orchard	AtLocation	apple
tie and jean	IsA	both clothe
without light there	IsA	no life
greet visitor	AtLocation	front door
spank paddle	AtLocation	school
bake soda	AtLocation	shelf
usually nasty	AtLocation	refrigerator
funny tv show	AtLocation	television
mosaic	IsA	web browser
catapillars	IsA	fury
fr4 circit board	IsA	fire retardent
first artificial satelite	IsA	sputnik
torx screwdriver	AtLocation	shape of hexagonal star
potentiometer	IsA	variable resistor
island of hawaii	IsA	volcanic island
another way to say contain water	IsA	hydrate
garbage men	IsA	in union
chris	IsA	interview for administrative assistant job
voyager	AtLocation	bottom of sea
riotous angry person	AtLocation	demonstration
player on texas ranger	IsA	baseball player
chilli	IsA	pepper
be in ocean	IsA	one way to get wet
your hungry dog	AtLocation	table
look like heroin addict	IsA	model fashion
i fee for use something	IsA	few dollar
drool doe not entertain you unless you	IsA	parent
spaniel	IsA	dog
study of tree	IsA	botany
ingredient of pudding	IsA	milk
hinge door and house	IsA	not in sun
floor mat	AtLocation	front of store
rain be to idea thunderstorm	IsA	brainstorm
toy gun	AtLocation	toy store
gum disease	AtLocation	your mouth
explore world	IsA	one way to learn
small car	IsA	big than large bicycle
puppy grow up to	IsA	dog
hymnal	AtLocation	confession
carter and bush	IsA	both us president
his	AtLocation	friend house
ice machine	AtLocation	motel
train or homeless	AtLocation	train station
apir of shoe	AtLocation	box
bag of freeze pea	AtLocation	freezer
big plunge pool	AtLocation	waterfall
ashley	IsA	university
without cook utensil cook	IsA	very dangerous past time
bach	IsA	great composer
most holiday brochure artwork	IsA	apalling
fuck all	AtLocation	rainbow
naked german	AtLocation	beach
chopper	AtLocation	military base
irc	IsA	internet relay chat
one that	IsA	charge must usually pay
stopsign	AtLocation	corner of two street
concept car	AtLocation	car show
payer	AtLocation	sport event
fly bluebird	AtLocation	rainbow
vagrant	AtLocation	subway
unused item	AtLocation	shelf
window tab	AtLocation	window
impurity	AtLocation	water
your mind	AtLocation	quandry
zen mathematics	IsA	possible direction in theory space
tiredness	IsA	force of mistakisms
picture about important thing	IsA	important picture
many verb	AtLocation	dictionary
large room with armchair	AtLocation	movie
artpiece	AtLocation	museum
water mist	AtLocation	waterfall
commerical	AtLocation	television
opposite of angry emotion	IsA	kind emotion
bishop and knight	IsA	name of chess piece
another way to say man-made satellite	IsA	artificial satellite
newsprint and aluminum	IsA	material
campground and beach	IsA	both place to relax
short and dress	IsA	clothe
chingles	AtLocation	roof
decorative or humorous magnet	AtLocation	fridge
sump pump	AtLocation	basement
contest	IsA	arbited by contest director
redskin	IsA	sport team
quake	IsA	first person shooter computer game
le claypool	IsA	member of band primus
both shepherd and cat	IsA	mammal
salmon and salad	IsA	both thing
disgruntle postal worker	AtLocation	post office
roach	AtLocation	jail
roach	AtLocation	cabinet
frazzle teacher	AtLocation	class
al gore	AtLocation	orbit
al gore	IsA	baby
wacked out salesman	AtLocation	demonstration
george foreman grill	AtLocation	kitchen
term	IsA	unit of time
thing that be down	IsA	low than thing
person who be suffer	AtLocation	hospital
clint	IsA	talk loudly and with force
science equipment	AtLocation	space shuttle
our own brain our own heart	IsA	our individuality
dig	AtLocation	egypt
preserve food	IsA	often
preserve food	AtLocation	pantry
thai peanut sauce	AtLocation	fridge
if something	IsA	pleasant person enjoy it
algorithm	IsA	process for accomplish task
myth	IsA	story about archtypes
albert einsteing	IsA	household name
sway	IsA	motion
lack of clock	AtLocation	casino
other fruit along	AtLocation	grape
enemy enemy	IsA	your friend
lack of clock.s	AtLocation	casino
beast	IsA	consider wild animal
salt lake city	IsA	in utah
urine to human	IsA	like exhaust to car
oil stain	AtLocation	garage
three type	AtLocation	rock
albert einstein	IsA	household name
only constant	IsA	change
polio	IsA	horrible disease
roy rogers horse	IsA	name trigger
dale evans horse	IsA	name buttermilk
one of my favorite text editor	IsA	editpad
*male-name	IsA	male name
brother-in-law	IsA	family relationship term
12 inch	AtLocation	foot
cisco kid horse	IsA	name diablo
ilex and holly	IsA	crossword puzzle pair
diamond state	IsA	nickname for delaware
bear state	IsA	nickname for arkansas
nutmeg state	IsA	nickname for connecticut
tempest	IsA	play by william shakespeare
sunshine state	IsA	nickname for florida
3 foot	AtLocation	yard
palm m500	IsA	handheld computer
ides and roman date	IsA	crossword puzzle pair
maureen tucker	IsA	member of velvet underground
*abbreviation	IsA	abbreviation for
definite maybe	IsA	oxymoron
pancho horse	IsA	name loco
my favorite text editor	IsA	textpad
japanese-americans	IsA	ethnic group
*nickname	IsA	nickname for
home page of microsoft	IsA	http
dennis sin	IsA	palindrome
open secret	IsA	oxymoron
german-americans	IsA	ethnic group
italian-americans	IsA	ethnic group
johnson	IsA	surname
hp jornada 720	IsA	handheld computer
palm vx	IsA	handheld computer
genuine imitation	IsA	oxymoron
low east side	IsA	neighborhood of manhattan new york
lute	IsA	string instrument
*female-name	IsA	female name
davis	IsA	surname
mean street	IsA	movie
john cale	IsA	member of velvet underground
tonto horse	IsA	name scout
sterling morrison	IsA	member of velvet underground
darkness visible	IsA	oxymoron
*palindrome	IsA	palindrome
cotton state	IsA	nickname for alabama
velvet underground	IsA	rock band
iman and caliph	IsA	crossword puzzle pair
irish-americans	IsA	ethnic group
chinese-americans	IsA	ethnic group
lou reed	IsA	member of velvet underground
my favorite bookmark manager	IsA	powermarks
license	IsA	document type
stooge	IsA	rock band
president and mayor	IsA	both elect official
some store	IsA	restaurant
some store	IsA	big than others
crab and chicken	IsA	both animal
verandah	IsA	porch
agate	IsA	stone
agate	IsA	precious stone
hiragana	IsA	syllabary
hiragana	IsA	japanese write system
katakana	IsA	syllabary
katakana	IsA	japanese write system
many person believe that there	IsA	several god
many person believe that there	IsA	god
international space station	IsA	in orbit
ocean liner	IsA	very large ship
near star to sol	IsA	4.5 light year distant
jenny shipley	IsA	prime minister of new zealand
kanji	IsA	japanese write system
person drown if they	IsA	under water too long
chop liver	IsA	like pate
tamarind paste	AtLocation	refrigerator
work review	IsA	maintain bureaucratic control
french spanish italian and portuguese	IsA	all romance language
neutron star	IsA	few ten of kilometer across
stew tamarillo	IsA	often
sometimes special magazine	AtLocation	city
supernatural	IsA	will something into existence
small decorative fish	IsA	often
human infant	IsA	small than human adult
caprio	IsA	actor
tritium	AtLocation	moon
muck	AtLocation	drain
bacon and potato	IsA	both food
street walker	AtLocation	street
tuatara in book	AtLocation	reptile
swahili	IsA	human language
maori	IsA	human language
monk	IsA	buddist
graffitti	AtLocation	subway
one method of hunt	IsA	shoot animal with gun
cyc	IsA	computer program
tagalog	IsA	human language
little jack horner	AtLocation	corner
in city	AtLocation	opera
outside house	AtLocation	lawn
be tall to play basketball	IsA	advantage
your key	AtLocation	purse
prisioner	AtLocation	jail
your electric bill	AtLocation	mail box
slide board	AtLocation	swim pool
acar	AtLocation	street
10 decade	AtLocation	century
first man in space	IsA	alan shepherd
darwen	IsA	small town in lancashire england
bolton	IsA	town in lancashire england
worm in grind and bird	AtLocation	garden
if fee	IsA	involve someone must pay it
rotten food	AtLocation	trash
seamstress	IsA	woman who work with cloth
almost all solid metal	IsA	room temperature
road spike	IsA	another form of caltrop
gravy	IsA	form of sauce
gravy	IsA	commonly
one kind of card	IsA	credit card
blue candy	IsA	mint or berry flavour
shop in nice part	AtLocation	town
warm thing	IsA	not cool thing
blue use to	IsA	expensive color for dye
sack	AtLocation	office
sack	AtLocation	burlap
sack	AtLocation	ball
jolly roger	IsA	flag
word jihad	IsA	arabic word
nice time of year	IsA	winter time
expensive stone	IsA	precious stone
aqua	IsA	blue-white color
aqua	IsA	color
flower bed	AtLocation	park
purple candy	IsA	grape flavour
pile of leave	AtLocation	forest
zircon	IsA	birth stone
no capital city	AtLocation	bottom of ocean
yellow candy	IsA	butterscotch or lemon flavour
indoor paint	AtLocation	build
tape machine room	AtLocation	hospital
a c mechanic	IsA	person who fix a c system
write brush	AtLocation	library
amethyst	IsA	birth stone
goatherd	IsA	person who tend goat
bloodstone	IsA	birth stone
bloodstone	IsA	gem
word muslim	IsA	arabic word
single person chair	AtLocation	plane
loose rock	AtLocation	base of mountain
condo in nice part	AtLocation	town
jasper	IsA	birth stone
bike mechanic	IsA	person who fix bike
one kind of bread	IsA	italian bread
old food	AtLocation	drain
old food	AtLocation	waste bin
carnelian	IsA	birth stone
lapus lazuli	IsA	birth stone
human in nice part	AtLocation	town
food vendor	AtLocation	bus depot
opera patron	AtLocation	theatre
dowel	IsA	wand
delicatessen in nice part	AtLocation	town
power struggle	IsA	common component of govenments
foreign money exchange stand	AtLocation	airport
historian	IsA	person who study history
philospher	IsA	person who study philosophy
peridot	IsA	birth stone
linus torvalds	IsA	man
slave device	IsA	control of master device
one kind of restaurant	IsA	chinese restaurant
small elephant	IsA	large than most large animal
see edge	IsA	serrate
sock or undergarment	AtLocation	drawer
lab rat	AtLocation	laboratory
major appliance	AtLocation	box
decease person	AtLocation	funeral
guest speaker	AtLocation	conference
high point in argentina	IsA	cerro aconcagua 6,962 m
low point in tuvalu	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in vietnam	IsA	south china sea 0 m
high point in mayotte	IsA	benara 660 m
low point in nicaragua	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of liechtenstein	IsA	vaduz
low point in brazil	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in guernsey	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in ecuador	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in dominica	IsA	morne diablatins 1,447 m
low point in austria	IsA	neusiedler see 115 m
capital of taiwan	IsA	taipei
high point in uzbekistan	IsA	adelunga toghi 4,301 m
high point in tokelau	IsA	unnamed location 5 m
low point in norfolk island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in guatemala	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of kuwait	IsA	kuwait
low point in new zealand	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of uruguay	IsA	montevideo
high point in antarctica	IsA	vinson massif 5,140 m
capital of azerbaijan	IsA	baku baki
high point in finland	IsA	haltiatunturi 1,328 m
high point in greenland	IsA	gunnbjorn 3,700 m
low point in marshall island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of somalia	IsA	mogadishu
high point in jordan	IsA	jabal ram 1,754 m
low point in pakistan	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of estonia	IsA	tallinn
high point in botswana	IsA	tsodilo hill 1,489 m
low point in solomon island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in liechtenstein	IsA	ruggeller riet 430 m
low point in belarus	IsA	nyoman river 90 m
high point in austria	IsA	grossglockner 3,797 m
capital of guadeloupe	IsA	basse-terre
high point in chad	IsA	emi koussi 3,415 m
capital of reunion	IsA	saint-denis
capital of ukraine	IsA	kiev kyyiv
capital of barbados	IsA	bridgetown
high point in monaco	IsA	mont agel 140 m
low point in japan	IsA	hachiro-gata m
capital of mauritania	IsA	nouakchott
terrain of estonia	IsA	marshy lowland
capital of saudi arabia	IsA	riyadh
high point in madagascar	IsA	maromokotro 2,876 m
low point in kazakhstan	IsA	vpadina kaundy m
high point in lao	IsA	phou bia 2,817 m
capital of georgia	IsA	t'bilisi
high point in iceland	IsA	hvannadalshnukur 2,119 m
low point in madagascar	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of gabon	IsA	libreville
low point in saint lucia	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
high point in jamaica	IsA	blue mountain peak 2,256 m
low point in montserrat	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
high point in ecuador	IsA	chimborazo 6,267 m
capital of equatorial guinea	IsA	malabo
capital of bosnia and herzegovina	IsA	sarajevo
terrain of paracel island	IsA	na
capital of tonga	IsA	nuku'alofa
high point in barbados	IsA	mount hillaby 336 m
capital of monaco	IsA	monaco
low point in lebanon	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
low point in ireland	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in guyana	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
high point in zimbabwe	IsA	inyangani 2,592 m
high point in estonia	IsA	suur munamagi 318 m
low point in brunei	IsA	south china sea 0 m
capital of india	IsA	new delhi
low point in glorioso island	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of yemen	IsA	sanaa
high point in martinique	IsA	montagne pelee 1,397 m
high point in thailand	IsA	doi inthanon 2,576 m
capital of zimbabwe	IsA	harare
low point in argentina	IsA	salina chicas m
capital of cuba	IsA	havana
capital of british virgin island	IsA	road town
low point in tajikistan	IsA	syrdariya 300 m
low point in samoa	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in ethiopia	IsA	denakil m
capital of liberia	IsA	monrovia
capital of tajikistan	IsA	dushanbe
high point in niger	IsA	mont greboun 1,944 m
low point in maldives	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of sudan	IsA	khartoum
capital of togo	IsA	lome
high point in arctic ocean	IsA	sea level 0 m
low point in europa island	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of new caledonia	IsA	noumea
high point in europa island	IsA	unnamed location 24 m
low point in jersey	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of lao	IsA	vientiane
capital of argentina	IsA	buenos aire
capital of turkmenistan	IsA	ashgabat
low point in denmark	IsA	lammefjord m
terrain of bermuda	IsA	low hill
capital of svalbard	IsA	longyearbyen
low point in christmas island	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of botswana	IsA	gaborone
low point in svalbard	IsA	arctic ocean 0 m
capital of seychelles	IsA	victoria
high point in tuvalu	IsA	unnamed location 5 m
low point in poland	IsA	raczki elblaskie m
capital of syria	IsA	damascus
low point in mozambique	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of nepal	IsA	kathmandu
capital of kenya	IsA	nairobi
high point in south africa	IsA	njesuthi 3,408 m
capital of guyana	IsA	georgetown
high point in slovakia	IsA	gerlachovka 2,655 m
capital of unite arab emirate	IsA	abu dhabi
capital of korea south	IsA	seoul
high point in comoros	IsA	mount kartala 2,360 m
high point in midway island	IsA	unnamed location 4 m
low point in luxembourg	IsA	moselle river 133 m
low point in bhutan	IsA	dangme chu 97 m
capital of peru	IsA	lima
capital of norway	IsA	oslo
capital of lebanon	IsA	beirut
low point in gabon	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of guatemala	IsA	guatemala
high point in indian ocean	IsA	sea level 0 m
low point in peru	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of portugal	IsA	lisbon
high point in brunei	IsA	bukit pagon 1,850 m
capital of iceland	IsA	reykjavik
capital of cook island	IsA	avarua
low point in jarvis island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in american samoa	IsA	lata 966 m
capital of niue	IsA	alofi
high point in eritrea	IsA	soira 3,013 m
low point in namibia	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of greece	IsA	athens
high point in korea south	IsA	halla-san 1,950 m
capital of honduras	IsA	tegucigalpa
low point in philippine	IsA	philippine sea 0 m
capital of fiji	IsA	suva
low point in turkey	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
high point in algeria	IsA	tahat 3,003 m
high point in moldova	IsA	mount balaneshty 430 m
low point in oman	IsA	arabian sea 0 m
low point in cambodia	IsA	gulf of thailand 0 m
high point in vanuatu	IsA	mount tabwemasana 1,877 m
low point in china	IsA	turpan pendi m
high point in slovenia	IsA	triglav 2,864 m
high point in ghana	IsA	mount afadjato 880 m
low point in ukraine	IsA	black sea 0 m
low point in kyrgyzstan	IsA	kara-darya 132 m
low point in benin	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in lithuania	IsA	baltic sea 0 m
capital of slovenia	IsA	ljubljana
capital of haiti	IsA	port-au-prince
low point in kenya	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
high point in bermuda	IsA	town hill 76 m
low point in taiwan	IsA	south china sea 0 m
capital of venezuela	IsA	caracas
capital of mayotte	IsA	mamoutzou
high point in india	IsA	kanchenjunga 8,598 m
low point in albania	IsA	adriatic sea 0 m
capital of malta	IsA	valletta
low point in belgium	IsA	north sea 0 m
low point in reunion	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
high point in kuwait	IsA	unnamed location 306 m
low point in unite kingdom	IsA	fenland m
high point in bulgaria	IsA	musala 2,925 m
low point in nigeria	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in baker island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in iraq	IsA	gundah zhur 3,608 m
capital of turkey	IsA	ankara
capital of cayman island	IsA	george town
capital of cyprus	IsA	nicosia
low point in guinea	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of samoa	IsA	apia
capital of guinea	IsA	conakry
high point in fiji	IsA	tomanivi 1,324 m
high point in philippine	IsA	mount apo 2,954 m
capital of belarus	IsA	minsk
low point in belize	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
low point in angola	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of man isle of	IsA	douglas
capital of canada	IsA	ottawa
low point in slovakia	IsA	bodrok river 94 m
capital of qatar	IsA	doha
low point in sudan	IsA	red sea 0 m
low point in estonia	IsA	baltic sea 0 m
high point in ukraine	IsA	hora hoverla 2,061 m
capital of el salvador	IsA	san salvador
low point in niger	IsA	niger river 200 m
high point in nepal	IsA	mount everest 8,848 m
high point in cuba	IsA	pico turquino 2,005 m
low point in vanuatu	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of faroe island	IsA	torshavn
low point in romania	IsA	black sea 0 m
high point in nigeria	IsA	chappal waddi 2,419 m
capital of vanuatu	IsA	port-vila
high point in palau	IsA	mount ngerchelchauus 242 m
capital of suriname	IsA	paramaribo
low point in uruguay	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in tokelau	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in israel	IsA	har meron 1,208 m
high point in mauritania	IsA	kediet ijill 910 m
high point in west bank	IsA	tall asur 1,022 m
low point in sierra leone	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in greece	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
high point in liberia	IsA	mount wuteve 1,380 m
low point in kuwait	IsA	persian gulf 0 m
capital of uganda	IsA	kampala
low point in tanzania	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
high point in christmas island	IsA	murray hill 361 m
high point in svalbard	IsA	newtontoppen 1,717 m
capital of andorra	IsA	andorra la vella
low point in jamaica	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
capital of pitcairn island	IsA	adamstown
capital of mongolia	IsA	ulaanbaatar
low point in bahrain	IsA	persian gulf 0 m
high point in samoa	IsA	mauga silisili 1,857 m
low point in hungary	IsA	tisza river 78 m
capital of ecuador	IsA	quito
capital of uzbekistan	IsA	tashkent toshkent
capital of guernsey	IsA	saint peter port
capital of panama	IsA	panama
high point in guinea	IsA	mont nimba 1,752 m
low point in norway	IsA	norwegian sea 0 m
low point in bolivia	IsA	rio paraguay 90 m
low point in monaco	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
low point in west bank	IsA	dead sea m
capital of cote d'ivoire	IsA	yamoussoukro
capital of san marino	IsA	san marino
low point in guam	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in switzerland	IsA	lake maggiore 195 m
high point in japan	IsA	fujiyama 3,776 m
high point in benin	IsA	mount tanekas 641 m
capital of solomon island	IsA	honiara
high point in ireland	IsA	carrauntoohill 1,041 m
low point in canada	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of lithuania	IsA	vilnius
capital of kazakhstan	IsA	astana akmola
capital of saint lucia	IsA	castries
capital of ghana	IsA	accra
low point in yemen	IsA	arabian sea 0 m
low point in kiribati	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in antarctica	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of comoros	IsA	moroni
capital of aruba	IsA	oranjestad
terrain of europa island	IsA	na
low point in georgia	IsA	black sea 0 m
high point in afghanistan	IsA	nowshak 7,485 m
low point in portugal	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in qatar	IsA	persian gulf 0 m
high point in somalia	IsA	shimbiris 2,450 m
low point in uzbekistan	IsA	sariqarnish kuli m
high point in greece	IsA	mount olympus 2,917 m
high point in nicaragua	IsA	mogoton 2,438 m
high point in baker island	IsA	unnamed location 8 m
high point in bangladesh	IsA	reng tlang 957 m
low point in grenada	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
capital of iraq	IsA	baghdad
capital of kiribati	IsA	tarawa
capital of jordan	IsA	amman
capital of maldives	IsA	male maale
capital of burkina faso	IsA	ouagadougou
low point in unite state	IsA	death valley m
capital of nicaragua	IsA	managua
high point in taiwan	IsA	yu shan 3,997 m
capital of indonesia	IsA	jakarta
low point in world	IsA	dead sea m
low point in egypt	IsA	qattara depression m
high point in switzerland	IsA	dufourspitze 4,634 m
low point in senegal	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of moldova	IsA	chisinau
terrain of tuvalu	IsA	very low-lying and narrow coral atoll
high point in sweden	IsA	kebnekaise 2,111 m
low point in tonga	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in saint helena	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in croatia	IsA	adriatic sea 0 m
low point in comoros	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
low point in azerbaijan	IsA	caspian sea m
high point in singapore	IsA	bukit timah 166 m
capital of central african republic	IsA	bangui
low point in thailand	IsA	gulf of thailand 0 m
high point in egypt	IsA	mount catherine 2,629 m
low point in cyprus	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
high point in denmark	IsA	ejer bavnehoj 173 m
low point in virgin island	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
high point in burma	IsA	hkakabo razi 5,881 m
capital of ethiopia	IsA	addis ababa
capital of puerto rico	IsA	san juan
terrain of clipperton island	IsA	coral atoll
capital of italy	IsA	rome
low point in ghana	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of slovakia	IsA	bratislava
high point in gabon	IsA	mont iboundji 1,575 m
capital of bermuda	IsA	hamilton
capital of ireland	IsA	dublin
low point in togo	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of western sahara	IsA	none
low point in martinique	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
low point in colombia	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in spain	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of dominica	IsA	roseau
capital of singapore	IsA	singapore
high point in pakistan	IsA	k2 mt
low point in wake island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of israel	IsA	jerusalem
capital of angola	IsA	luanda
capital of spain	IsA	madrid
high point in iran	IsA	qolleh-ye damavand 5,671 m
high point in armenia	IsA	aragats lerr 4,095 m
low point in nepal	IsA	kanchan kalan 70 m
low point in malta	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
high point in kingman reef	IsA	unnamed location 1 m
low point in palau	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in guyana	IsA	mount roraima 2,835 m
capital of french polynesia	IsA	papeete
capital of brunei	IsA	bandar seri begawan
low point in guadeloupe	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
high point in peru	IsA	nevado huascaran 6,768 m
high point in sudan	IsA	kinyeti 3,187 m
low point in chile	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of malaysia	IsA	kuala lumpur
capital of mexico	IsA	mexico
capital of sierra leone	IsA	freetown
low point in greenland	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
high point in anguilla	IsA	crocus hill 65 m
high point in croatia	IsA	dinara 1,830 m
high point in romania	IsA	moldoveanu 2,544 m
low point in germany	IsA	freepsum lake m
low point in liberia	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of madagascar	IsA	antananarivo
high point in guam	IsA	mount lamlam 406 m
low point in australia	IsA	lake eyre m
terrain of dominica	IsA	rugged mountain of volcanic origin
high point in poland	IsA	rysy 2,499 m
high point in guadeloupe	IsA	soufriere 1,467 m
high point in chile	IsA	cerro aconcagua 6,962 m
high point in turkey	IsA	mount ararat 5,166 m
low point in el salvador	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in midway island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in libya	IsA	bikku bitti 2,267 m
capital of latvia	IsA	riga
low point in french guiana	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of marshall island	IsA	majuro
capital of guam	IsA	hagatna agana
capital of senegal	IsA	dakar
high point in indonesia	IsA	puncak jaya 5,030 m
low point in honduras	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
low point in lao	IsA	mekong river 70 m
high point in mozambique	IsA	monte binga 2,436 m
high point in malaysia	IsA	mount kinabalu 4,100 m
capital of costa rica	IsA	san jose
high point in germany	IsA	zugspitze 2,962 m
high point in bolivia	IsA	cerro illimani 6,882 m
capital of lesotho	IsA	maseru
capital of brazil	IsA	brasilia
low point in seychelles	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of thailand	IsA	bangkok
low point in costa rica	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in kenya	IsA	mount kenya 5,199 m
capital of romania	IsA	bucharest
high point in turkmenistan	IsA	ayrybaba 3,139 m
high point in hungary	IsA	kekes 1,014 m
high point in namibia	IsA	konigstein 2,606 m
low point in israel	IsA	dead sea m
low point in aruba	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
low point in cape verde	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of chile	IsA	santiago
capital of jersey	IsA	saint helier
terrain of glorioso island	IsA	na
low point in nauru	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of algeria	IsA	algiers
high point in cyprus	IsA	olympus 1,952 m
capital of virgin island	IsA	charlotte amalie
low point in jordan	IsA	dead sea m
capital of palau	IsA	koror
high point in world	IsA	mount everest 8,848 m
high point in macau	IsA	coloane alto 174 m
high point in morocco	IsA	jebel toubkal 4,165 m
capital of tuvalu	IsA	funafuti
capital of niger	IsA	niamey
low point in burundi	IsA	lake tanganyika 772 m
capital of czech republic	IsA	prague
capital of papua new guinea	IsA	port moresby
low point in moldova	IsA	nistru river 2 m
high point in azerbaijan	IsA	bazarduzu dagi 4,485 m
capital of bangladesh	IsA	dhaka
high point in china	IsA	mount everest 8,848 m
low point in american samoa	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in sweden	IsA	baltic sea 0 m
high point in tanzania	IsA	kilimanjaro 5,895 m
low point in djibouti	IsA	asal m
low point in mayotte	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
high point in cambodia	IsA	phnum aoral 1,810 m
low point in italy	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
high point in liechtenstein	IsA	grauspitz 2,599 m
high point in malta	IsA	dingli cliff 245 m
high point in swaziland	IsA	emlembe 1,862 m
capital of tunisia	IsA	tunis
capital of tanzania	IsA	dar e salaam
terrain of san marino	IsA	rugged mountain
capital of mozambique	IsA	maputo
high point in belize	IsA	victoria peak 1,160 m
low point in iceland	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of luxembourg	IsA	luxembourg
capital of denmark	IsA	copenhagen
capital of belgium	IsA	brussels
low point in afghanistan	IsA	amu darya 258 m
high point in montserrat	IsA	chance peak 914 m
low point in slovenia	IsA	adriatic sea 0 m
high point in wake island	IsA	unnamed location 6 m
high point in pacific ocean	IsA	sea level 0 m
terrain of fiji	IsA	mostly mountain of volcanic origin
capital of jamaica	IsA	kingston
high point in virgin island	IsA	crown mountain 474 m
capital of nigeria	IsA	abuja
high point in france	IsA	mont blanc 4,807 m
high point in cameroon	IsA	fako 4,095 m
capital of netherlands antilles	IsA	willemstad
capital of rwanda	IsA	kigali
low point in cayman island	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
capital of paraguay	IsA	asuncion
high point in vietnam	IsA	ngoc linh 3,143 m
high point in norway	IsA	glittertinden 2,472 m
low point in bermuda	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in armenia	IsA	debed river 400 m
low point in rwanda	IsA	rusizi river 950 m
capital of northern mariana island	IsA	saipan
high point in italy	IsA	mont blanc 4,807 m
low point in finland	IsA	baltic sea 0 m
low point in kingman reef	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of chad	IsA	n'djamena
low point in bulgaria	IsA	black sea 0 m
capital of illinois	IsA	springfield
capital of poland	IsA	warsaw
capital of sweden	IsA	stockholm
low point in malaysia	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
low point in chad	IsA	djourab depression 175 m
terrain of bosnia and herzegovina	IsA	mountain and valley
capital of gibraltar	IsA	gibraltar
low point in morocco	IsA	sebkha tah m
low point in burma	IsA	andaman sea 0 m
high point in faroe island	IsA	slaettaratindur 882 m
capital of cambodia	IsA	phnom penh
low point in mauritius	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of new zealand	IsA	wellington
low point in dominica	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
high point in mali	IsA	hombori tondo 1,155 m
high point in luxembourg	IsA	burgplatz 559 m
high point in jarvis island	IsA	unnamed location 23 m
low point in mexico	IsA	laguna salada m
capital of namibia	IsA	windhoek
low point in latvia	IsA	baltic sea 0 m
low point in iran	IsA	caspian sea m
capital of mauritius	IsA	port louis
high point in netherlands	IsA	vaalserberg 321 m
capital of armenia	IsA	yerevan
high point in sri lanka	IsA	pidurutalagala 2,524 m
capital of mali	IsA	bamako
capital of croatia	IsA	zagreb
low point in iraq	IsA	persian gulf 0 m
high point in canada	IsA	mount logan 5,950 m
high point in burundi	IsA	mount heha 2,760 m
low point in panama	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
capital of switzerland	IsA	bern
high point in cape verde	IsA	pico 2,829 m
low point in fiji	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in mongolia	IsA	hoh nuur 518 m
low point in saudi arabia	IsA	persian gulf 0 m
high point in korea north	IsA	paektu-san 2,744 m
capital of guinea-bissau	IsA	bissau
low point in algeria	IsA	chott melrhir m
capital of gambia	IsA	banjul
low point in anguilla	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
capital of colombia	IsA	bogota
low point in haiti	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
low point in south africa	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
low point in indonesia	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
low point in barbados	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
terrain of new caledonia	IsA	coastal plain with interior mountain
high point in western sahara	IsA	unnamed location 463 m
low point in eritrea	IsA	kobar sink m
thousand	AtLocation	specie and genus of bacteria
capital of korea north	IsA	p'yongyang
capital of dominican republic	IsA	santo domingo
capital of bhutan	IsA	thimphu
low point in venezuela	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
terrain of uganda	IsA	mostly plateau with rim of mountain
capital of trinidad and tobago	IsA	port-of-spain
capital of malawi	IsA	lilongwe
capital of martinique	IsA	fort-de-france
high point in czech republic	IsA	snezka 1,602 m
capital of greenland	IsA	nuuk godthab
high point in guatemala	IsA	volcan tajumulco 4,211 m
low point in bangladesh	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
low point in uganda	IsA	lake albert 621 m
low point in sri lanka	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
low point in mali	IsA	senegal river 23 m
capital of bahrain	IsA	manama
capital of iran	IsA	tehran
high point in uruguay	IsA	cerro catedral 514 m
low point in netherlands	IsA	prins alexanderpolder m
capital of belize	IsA	belmopan
capital of vietnam	IsA	hanoi
capital of saint helena	IsA	jamestown
low point in guinea-bissau	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
high point in aruba	IsA	mount jamanota 188 m
high point in unite state	IsA	mount mckinley 6,194 m
capital of cape verde	IsA	praia
high point in new zealand	IsA	mount cook 3,764 m
capital of kyrgyzstan	IsA	bishkek
low point in zambia	IsA	zambezi river 329 m
capital of french guiana	IsA	cayenne
capital of macau	IsA	macau
low point in singapore	IsA	singapore strait 0 m
low point in puerto rico	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
capital of finland	IsA	helsinki
low point in indian ocean	IsA	java trench m
high point in lithuania	IsA	juozapines kalnas 292 m
capital of zambia	IsA	lusaka
high point in latvia	IsA	gaizinkalns 312 m
capital of hong kong	IsA	victoria
low point in somalia	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of american samoa	IsA	pago pago
capital of morocco	IsA	rabat
high point in rwanda	IsA	volcan karisimbi 4,519 m
terrain of andorra	IsA	rugged mountain
high point in andorra	IsA	coma pedrosa 2,946 m
high point in jersey	IsA	unnamed location 143 m
capital of albania	IsA	tirana
low point in cook island	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
low point in cuba	IsA	caribbean sea 0 m
low point in gibraltar	IsA	mediterranean sea 0 m
low point in india	IsA	indian ocean 0 m
capital of bahamas	IsA	nassau
capital of pakistan	IsA	islamabad
low point in russia	IsA	caspian sea m
capital of sri lanka	IsA	colombo
high point in glorioso island	IsA	unnamed location 12 m
low point in cameroon	IsA	atlantic ocean 0 m
capital of burundi	IsA	bujumbura
capital of cameroon	IsA	yaounde
high point in syria	IsA	mount hermon 2,814 m
capital of bulgaria	IsA	sofia
low point in niue	IsA	pacific ocean 0 m
high point in atlantic ocean	IsA	sea level 0 m
capital of libya	IsA	tripoli
low point in libya	IsA	sabkhat ghuzayyil m
mike mussina	IsA	professional baseball player
dell	IsA	manufacturer of personal computer
nissan sentra	IsA	compact sedan
dolby digital 5.1	IsA	abbreviate dd5.1
computer lab	AtLocation	university
no prove fact	AtLocation	god
camp and camp	IsA	different tense of verb camp
both vegetable and fruit	IsA	part of plant
row boat	IsA	lot of work
candlestick	AtLocation	table
cat whisker	IsA	wide than their body
off-season clothe	AtLocation	trunk
be red sox fan	IsA	exercise in frustration
color perception	IsA	only rougly
expression	IsA	aspect of communication
fat woman	AtLocation	opera
apple and grape	AtLocation	market
electric socket in	AtLocation	wall
alcholol	IsA	drug that many person use
majority of news report today	IsA	false information
one of my grandmother favorite hobby	IsA	crochet
bar that	IsA	not regular size
on college campus	AtLocation	internet cafe
other side of ceiling	IsA	floor or roof
third directive for machine	IsA	preserve human property
secondary directive for machine	IsA	obey human command
technical engineer	IsA	engineer of technology
soviet missile	IsA	sell iraq
termite colony	IsA	nonhuman family
similarity between bread and clipper both	IsA	object
chamber	IsA	another word for room
one language game	IsA	obfuscation
parent and chilren	IsA	all person
costly item	IsA	often
divorce cost and result alimony payment	IsA	additional expense
different range	AtLocation	income for different type of employment
fork spoon and knife	IsA	tool
hardware	IsA	term
one way to get money	IsA	work
permaculture	IsA	neologism
one kind of work	IsA	create thing person need
person who organize activity	IsA	call bureaucrat
essence of logic	AtLocation	definition of term
turtle and snake	IsA	both animal
in desert there	IsA	very little water
picture can show that person	IsA	together on specific day
different way	AtLocation	say yeah
majdaj.de	IsA	internetsite
majdaj	IsA	internetsite
shadow be where something	IsA	block sun
mel	AtLocation	dinner
baseball star	IsA	tall than average man
annoy person	AtLocation	theater
adrianne rich	IsA	feminist poet
rust	AtLocation	drain
child molestors	AtLocation	bridge
chemical symbol for gold	IsA	au
three daily worship service	AtLocation	jewish religion
chemical symbol for lead	IsA	pb
rare specie of fish	AtLocation	bottom of sea
toffee	AtLocation	jar
conferencing tool	AtLocation	meet
load of stuff	AtLocation	trunk
something you find downtown be	IsA	government office
tasty food	AtLocation	restaurant
michael	IsA	name of person
save and check	IsA	two type of bank account
soft pillow	AtLocation	bedroom
urban and classical	IsA	two category of music
john and paul	IsA	in love with eachother
warn reflector	AtLocation	fork in road
vegetation	AtLocation	park
mermaid purse	AtLocation	beach
something to sit on and rest	AtLocation	rest area
something that you can eat	AtLocation	fridge
office politics	AtLocation	office
earth in	AtLocation	map of solar system
side walk	AtLocation	disneyland
one of thing	IsA	soap
garment	AtLocation	suitcase
garment	IsA	coat
water toy	AtLocation	swim pool
difficult to make decision	AtLocation	quandry be that it
these dream creature	IsA	ogre or cluricauns
theater patron	AtLocation	theatre
aerial bomb in belly	AtLocation	bomber
auto mechanic	AtLocation	repair shop
something you lean your neighbor	AtLocation	neighbor house
area rug	AtLocation	home
cooper hawk	IsA	call chicken hawk
taylor and triston	IsA	child
once you	IsA	dead you stay dead
galway bay	IsA	in ireland
some object in earth orbit	IsA	not in stable orbit
dirst	AtLocation	rug
pencie	AtLocation	school
bunsun burner	AtLocation	laboratory
celery and onion	IsA	both type of vegetable
dehydrate food	AtLocation	space shuttle
prison hold person that	IsA	criminal
salad and rice	IsA	both type of food
jug and bottle	IsA	both use to hold liquid
how you get pizza	AtLocation	order pizza
at any time there	IsA	someone awake in globe
that chair	IsA	good than what i use
my favorite time of year	IsA	summer
every action there	IsA	equal and opposite reaction
if pie	IsA	warm ice cream will melt
horse farm	AtLocation	country
tubeworms	IsA	lifeform
32 piece	AtLocation	chess set
paris will always	IsA	paris
name of planet pluto satelite	IsA	charon
earth hour	IsA	60 minuit long
in 2003 us president	IsA	mr
earth day	IsA	24 hour long
use of nuclear weapon	IsA	crime against humanity
planet pluto	IsA	2390 km in diameter
earth natural sattelite	AtLocation	call moon
juandice	IsA	disease
gestation period for human	IsA	9 month from conception
earth year	IsA	365 day long
earth minuit	IsA	60 second long
hooker on corner	AtLocation	street
magic ring	AtLocation	pocket
myself stand there	AtLocation	you
something you drop	AtLocation	floor
gazelle in in mouth	AtLocation	cheeta
dirty old men on bench	AtLocation	park
tea and crumpents	AtLocation	gallery open
hot tin	AtLocation	roof
transom	AtLocation	boat
veterinary hospital	AtLocation	university
not for free	AtLocation	store
some shoe	IsA	casual shoe
no high build	AtLocation	finland
thing appear small when they	IsA	far away
quart	IsA	english unit of liquid measurement
health care cost	IsA	skyrocket
horror	IsA	movie genre
vicente fox	IsA	governor of guanajuato
vicente fox	IsA	coca cola executive
alejandro toledo	IsA	economist
alejandro toledo	IsA	shoeshine boy
four suit	AtLocation	deck of card
suspect	AtLocation	large
longboard	IsA	9 foot long
boss of ship	IsA	captain
breathe through nose	IsA	one way to control breathe
underwater view of ocean	IsA	good scenery
panpipe	IsA	musical instrument
one form of power	IsA	physical strength
fox in sock	IsA	creation of author dr
show interest in customer	IsA	one way to show care
operate bicycle	IsA	skill
green ant	IsA	insect
usually person get marry because they	IsA	in love
some person consider	IsA	small thing
calculate car loan payment	IsA	one type of math problem
something you find under water	IsA	whale
tank gun	IsA	gyroscopically gymballed to stay level
one kind of mammal	IsA	human
xray machine	AtLocation	dentist
sha ving kit	AtLocation	suitcase
one kind of experience	IsA	purchase item you want
one type of music	IsA	samba music
one of many mean	IsA	sunglass
any land	IsA	good land
western europe and asia and mit	AtLocation	different time zone
giraffe horn	IsA	not true horn
giraffe horn	IsA	bony antler-like structure
many black shoe	IsA	formal shoe
some dream	IsA	pleasant while others be nightmare
all woman	IsA	normal when
lesson to be learn	AtLocation	most experience
number one fear amongst person	IsA	rejection
bird of prey	IsA	good glider
apple-neme	IsA	apple polyneme
counterfeit money	IsA	not real money
average girl	IsA	small than average build
periodic table symbol for iron	IsA	fe
jpg or jpeg	IsA	image file
no square	IsA	circle
thermal	IsA	rise current of warm air
world record	IsA	speed of 55 second
capital of maryland	IsA	annapolis
eq	IsA	one measure of intelligence
college student on average	IsA	smart than elementary school student
chicago white sox	IsA	american league baseball team
one company which make badminton racket	IsA	yonex
one type of exercise	IsA	lift weight
iq	IsA	one measure of intelligence
kill something	IsA	take away it life
minesweeper	IsA	game
all of undergraduate at mit	IsA	human be
giraffe tail	IsA	90 centimeter long
current human world chess champion	IsA	garry kasparov
blueberry imacs	IsA	pretty and make good paperweight
jpg	IsA	image file
pronomes	IsA	isonomes
some mit student	IsA	name susan
whether you	IsA	happy depend upon your mood
large prime number under 1000	IsA	997
1309512	IsA	high than 19844
suck be to blow as pull	IsA	push
world record for squat	IsA	1,008 pound
news event	IsA	broadcast over television
elevation	IsA	song by band u2
symbol for gold	IsA	au
more even number	AtLocation	prime number
giraffe tongue	IsA	18 inch
circumference of circle	IsA	2 time pi time it radius
dry savanna zone south	AtLocation	sahara
sucesses	IsA	joyfull
soupd	IsA	food
mario sunshine	IsA	game
kfc	IsA	restaurant
kenny	IsA	person
you take class if you	IsA	at school
phil jackson	IsA	zen buddist
month of 31 day	IsA	consider long month
something you lose	AtLocation	lose and find
mexican and italian	IsA	two nationality
infringement of right	IsA	something you should not do
full bag	IsA	usally heavy
whe you be run you	IsA	take many step
staple thing together	IsA	way to hold them together
run slow	IsA	easy than run fast
many page	AtLocation	book
staple thing	IsA	way
book by famous author	IsA	good book
briana and ryan	IsA	in love
bald eagle in	AtLocation	great seal of unitedstates
some gay men	IsA	sexually
new knowledge	AtLocation	class
eat hair	IsA	unpleasant thing to do
consumer	IsA	spend dollar
chair to sit on	AtLocation	barber shop
cute men	AtLocation	fraternity house
tarja halonen	IsA	president of finland
comedian job	IsA	try to make person laugh
another name for ping-pong	IsA	table tennis
tax form	AtLocation	library
television commercial	IsA	30 second long
philosopher	IsA	plato
philosopher	IsA	socrates
endpoint	AtLocation	end of line
lifelong friend meet when they	IsA	kid
fly by plane	IsA	safe than drive car
unless they	IsA	modernist
every fourth year	IsA	366
hafnium	IsA	toxic metal
hafnium	IsA	element number 72
queen of denmark	IsA	margrethe
something small than box	AtLocation	box
street entertainer	IsA	person
blue bird fly	AtLocation	rainbow
both dog and parakeet	IsA	common pet
two of purpose of prison	IsA	rehabilitation and punishment
fajitas	IsA	fun food for party
quiet activity	IsA	read
be nurse	IsA	profession
because hunger	IsA	powerful physical drive
fake fur	IsA	good option
not all music	IsA	folk music
not everyone who play hockey	IsA	name connie
not all geometric pattern	IsA	art deco
not all mammal	IsA	dog and rabbit
some line	IsA	long some be short
not all person who	IsA	injure can heal
not all car salesman sell	IsA	good car
some author	IsA	good writer than others
large amount	AtLocation	water ice on mar
not all seat in airplane	IsA	coach seat
not all internet connection	IsA	broadband
not everyone that laugh	IsA	have fun
price of insurance policy	IsA	it cost
con men	AtLocation	carnival
omaha cardinal	IsA	baseball team
neighboor	AtLocation	door
black board and teacher	AtLocation	class
planet saturn around sun	AtLocation	orbit
corn and wheat	AtLocation	field
heroine	IsA	highly addictive drug
coton candy	AtLocation	fair
moonshine	AtLocation	jar
redemption	AtLocation	confession
cow manure	AtLocation	meadow
snow in	AtLocation	arctic circle
many insect	AtLocation	field
bean in bowl	AtLocation	chili
hangnail	AtLocation	your finger
care for plant	IsA	hobby
wine rack	AtLocation	cellar
warn sign	AtLocation	roadblock
many way to say	AtLocation	same thing
nightstand	AtLocation	motel
smash boat	AtLocation	waterfall
coffee grind	AtLocation	trash
sweater and slack	IsA	both item of clothe
your favorite chair	AtLocation	home
sunbather	AtLocation	swim pool
grind coffee bean	AtLocation	can
oil rig	AtLocation	sea
many way to communicate other	AtLocation	e-mail
deli tray	AtLocation	party
happy child	AtLocation	disneyland
graffiti	AtLocation	bus stop
foul line	AtLocation	bowl alley
fall water	AtLocation	waterfall
more insect	AtLocation	world than person
dog feces	AtLocation	lawn
flower box	AtLocation	windowsill
populace	AtLocation	country
genetically modify food	IsA	become ubiquitous
bgh	IsA	bovine growth hormone
benjamin franklin son	IsA	tory
most survey	IsA	spammed by conservative
woman look to have sex	AtLocation	harbor look for sailor men
solient green	IsA	person
neal palmquist	IsA	babe
your man	AtLocation	you
zoom lens	AtLocation	camera case
lease office	AtLocation	apartment
concession	AtLocation	sport event
hot men	AtLocation	beach
asphault	AtLocation	street
token in exchange for money	AtLocation	medieum of exchange
eurasia	IsA	landmass
chemical component of water	IsA	hydrogen and oxygen
girl with short hair	IsA	call tomboy
hick	AtLocation	car show
micky mouse	AtLocation	disneyland
money be notting it	IsA	piece of paper
idiotic coworkers	AtLocation	work
molar	AtLocation	your mouth
cosmic radiation	AtLocation	space
desklamp	AtLocation	desk
person dress as disney character	AtLocation	disneyland
grit	AtLocation	carpet
teach assistant	AtLocation	university
hard palate	AtLocation	your mouth
benthic feeder	AtLocation	bottom of sea
bore teenager	AtLocation	mall
break barrel	AtLocation	waterfall
dog and parakeet	IsA	animal that be frequently
many of them	AtLocation	town
your leg	AtLocation	table
all real sport	IsA	great source of exercise
conoes and tent	IsA	both use outside
japonese restaurant	IsA	restaurant
oceanographer job	IsA	study sea
another way to say eat breakfast	IsA	have breakfast
want poster	AtLocation	post office
arkansas	IsA	state
table cloth	AtLocation	table
other planet	AtLocation	outerspace
other planet	AtLocation	solar system
bunsen burner	AtLocation	laboratory
bunsen burner	AtLocation	chemistry lab
new mexico	IsA	state
flamingo	IsA	bird
chemistry	IsA	science
michigan	IsA	state
hibiscus	IsA	flower
many different culture	AtLocation	world
mickey mouse	AtLocation	disneyland
barbie	AtLocation	toy store
short distance between two point	IsA	straight line
copy machine	AtLocation	office
slot machine	AtLocation	casino
euro	IsA	currency
bicycle be	IsA	mean of transportation
seven day	AtLocation	week
orchid	IsA	flower
7 continent	AtLocation	earth
your neighbor	AtLocation	door
carpet pad	AtLocation	carpet
crappie	IsA	fish
gideon bible	AtLocation	motel
guitare	IsA	instrument
pheasant	IsA	bird
roof tile	AtLocation	roof
twenty-four hour	AtLocation	day
your tooth	AtLocation	your mouth
perl	IsA	program language
orphanage	AtLocation	child
element	IsA	metal
element	IsA	oxygen
element	IsA	hydrogen
element	IsA	calcium
drip	AtLocation	water
constellation	IsA	orion
pastry	IsA	roll
pastry	AtLocation	butter
pastry	IsA	bread
pastry	IsA	cake
fizzy	IsA	soda
newsstand	AtLocation	magazine
force	IsA	gravity
force	IsA	pressure
clinic	AtLocation	doctor
clinic	AtLocation	abortion
recreation	IsA	game
platoon	AtLocation	soldier
message	IsA	mail
acre	AtLocation	corn
circuit	AtLocation	connection
pharmacy	AtLocation	pill
pharmacy	AtLocation	drug
crib	AtLocation	baby
therapy	IsA	massage
convent	AtLocation	sister
lap	AtLocation	cat
desktop	AtLocation	wallpaper
desktop	AtLocation	book
desktop	AtLocation	picture
desktop	AtLocation	mouse
desktop	AtLocation	pen
desktop	AtLocation	monitor
desktop	AtLocation	computer
manipulation	IsA	scheme
felony	IsA	murder
direction	IsA	north
direction	IsA	up
direction	IsA	down
birdhouse	AtLocation	bird
ashtray	AtLocation	ash
ashtray	AtLocation	cigarette
rave	AtLocation	ecstasy
spread	IsA	jam
spread	IsA	jelly
punishment	IsA	sentence
beehive	AtLocation	bee
beehive	AtLocation	queen
beehive	AtLocation	honey
paddock	AtLocation	cow
casino	AtLocation	money
casino	AtLocation	gamble
casino	AtLocation	game
quiver	AtLocation	arrow
breakable	IsA	bone
confession	AtLocation	priest
confession	AtLocation	forgiveness
narrative	IsA	story
drool	AtLocation	water
holster	AtLocation	gun
roadblock	AtLocation	trouble
spool	AtLocation	wire
result	IsA	product
dungeon	AtLocation	chain
dungeon	AtLocation	dragon
upstairs	AtLocation	room
footwear	IsA	sandal
transportation	IsA	train
transportation	IsA	airplane
transportation	IsA	boat
particle	IsA	electron
particle	IsA	light
certainty	IsA	death
substance	IsA	liquid
substance	IsA	food
strand	IsA	hair
receipt	IsA	ticket
fasten	IsA	button
somewhere	AtLocation	something
seafood	IsA	shrimp
seafood	IsA	fish
seafood	IsA	lobster
lodge	AtLocation	beaver
synagogue	AtLocation	religion
synagogue	AtLocation	prayer
synagogue	AtLocation	rabbi
brine	AtLocation	water
spreadsheet	AtLocation	column
ion	IsA	anion
spurt	AtLocation	water
appendage	IsA	tentacle
institution	IsA	university
arcade	AtLocation	game
amazon	AtLocation	snake
dunk	AtLocation	water
pasture	AtLocation	cow
anthill	AtLocation	ant
suds	AtLocation	water
neurotransmitter	IsA	serotonin
whirlpool	AtLocation	water
bellybutton	AtLocation	fluff
corner	AtLocation	chair
vet	AtLocation	dog
vet	AtLocation	cat
omnipotent	IsA	god
keg	AtLocation	beer
wild	AtLocation	animal
downpour	AtLocation	water
tsunami	AtLocation	water
dump	AtLocation	trash
dump	AtLocation	garbage
underground	AtLocation	mine
underground	AtLocation	mole
underground	AtLocation	subway
underground	AtLocation	water
limb	IsA	arm
savannah	AtLocation	gazelle
underwater	AtLocation	coral
underwater	AtLocation	fish
underwater	AtLocation	whale
bliss	IsA	ignorance
puddle	AtLocation	water
adjective	IsA	bad
downstairs	AtLocation	kitchen
drench	AtLocation	water
leash	AtLocation	dog
forever	IsA	death
interstate	AtLocation	car
weekday	IsA	wednesday
phase	IsA	liquid
terrain	IsA	desert
account	AtLocation	ledger
fair	AtLocation	carnival
summary	IsA	abstract
pest	IsA	fly
pest	IsA	bug
fowl	IsA	chicken
fowl	IsA	duck
alloy	IsA	steel
drugstore	AtLocation	drug
hallucinogen	IsA	lsd
mosque	AtLocation	muslim
measurement	IsA	foot
legume	IsA	peanut
stimulant	IsA	caffeine
stimulant	IsA	coffee
bunch	AtLocation	grape
rainforest	AtLocation	monkey
asylum	AtLocation	refugee
offspring	IsA	son
eternity	IsA	space
tropic	AtLocation	storm
despair	AtLocation	hope
mollusk	IsA	clam
hobbit	IsA	bilbo
